Desperate on the plane - part 4 (conclusion)

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-14 22:52

At long last, the plane was on its final approach and I tensed my body even more strongly than before, feeling as if I was straining every muscle in my efforts to prevent a torrent pouring into my pants and soaking the seat. I really don’t know how long it was since I’d first become aware that I really needed to pee - it must have been around an hour earlier but by now every passing minute was starting to feel like an hour. I don’t think I’ve ever felt such an urgent need for the toilet with no opportunity to use one with a very real possibility that I was about to have a real accident. And yet once again, that possibility - or what felt like a strong probability - that I’d have to give in and just go in my pants whatever the consequences might be, even though I definitely didn’t want it to come to that in such an awkward situation, was somehow strangely arousing.

So I was in a somewhat dazed state as the plane touched down. The slight jolt as it did so seemed to go straight to my bladder and I simply couldn’t help letting another couple of spurts of pee escape into my underpants. I bent over, reaching down between my legs as if to look for something I’d dropped on the floor as the plane taxied to a halt and I struggled to stem the flow before any real damage was done. Luckily, other passengers were starting to collect their belongings and the woman next to me was putting some of her things into a small bag as she readied herself to leave the plane, so I presumed she wouldn’t notice anything I was up to at this point.

And equally fortunately, it wasn’t long before the plane came to a halt at one of the terminals as the chief stewardess spoke to us over the speakers to tell us to stay in our seats until one of the cabin crew told us to leave because we were exiting by seat numbers. I’d more or less got things under control by then so when our row’s turn came I stood up briskly and moved into the aisle behind the woman who had been sitting next to me, holding the small bag I’d taken on board in front of me. I noticed she was shifting about from one foot to the other and drumming her fingers against the back of the seat she was holding onto as if she was impatient to disembark. As I certainly was! It was a good thing that things went smoothly after that as we moved down the aisle towards the exit and I knew that relief must at last getting very close.

But you know how it is when you’re nearing the bathroom when you’re about to burst. Somehow, the very thought that you’re getting so close seems to send a message to the relevant muscles that causes them to start to relax and suddenly the desire to pee then and there becomes almost overwhelming. At least, that’s how I felt as I stumbled along the bridge connecting the plane to the airport, hoping against hope that there would be a toilet on the airside of passport control. I knew I wouldn’t be able to conceal my urgent need to pee if I had to stand in what I knew would be a pretty long queue and indeed I’d almost certainly lose it completely if I did, so that everyone around me would notice my joggers starting to glisten as a relentless stream started to flow down each leg and a puddle slowly formed on the floor between my feet. That prospect didn’t bear thinking about! So imagine my relief when I caught sight of a sign that indicated there were some toilets not far ahead.

Once again, that seemed to send a message to my long suffering bladder and another hot spurt of pee leaked into my underwear. I was trying to walk as fast as I could, half crouching among the other people who all seemed to be hurrying to get to passport control - or maybe, like me, to the toilets. Somehow, I managed to stem the flow as a sign for toilets finally came into view. It was certainly very welcome!

There was a fairly long queue outside the ladies and I saw that my neighbour on the plane had joined it, looking distinctly worried as she crossed her legs and bent forward slightly, biting her lip as she did so. She definitely did need to pee! So did a number of other women in the queue, judging by the way some of them seemed unable to keep still while others were squeezing their legs tightly together while keeping an anxious eye on the line ahead as if willing it to move more swiftly.

But I had only a few brief moments to take in this sight as my own need was clamouring for extremely urgent attention. One good thing about being a man (sorry ladies) is that we don’t usually have to wait too long at a public toilet and, though there may be occasional queues at peak times. they usually move pretty quickly. It was just as well that such was the case in this instance as otherwise I’m not sure if I’d have been able to make it. It was certainly touch and go as I went in and discovered that all the urinals were in use. However, I spotted a free stall and went inside as quickly as I could since at this point I wasn’t at all sure if I’d be able to pull my joggers and underpants down in time before I started to pee. But I certainly didn’t want them to get soaked now, destroying all the efforts I’d been making to avoid such a calamity.

I don’t know how I did it given the state I was in by this time but, just as the pressure reached its peak, I pushed the stall door shut, locked it and, though my hands were shaking, I somehow managed to slip my lower clothing down over my knees as I squatted on the toilet, milliseconds before a a torrent of pee started to spurt uncontrollably out of the tip of my penis. It felt so good to let it flow, almost like a long climax as all my muscles relaxed, sending pleasurable shudders of relief through my whole body. And what a flood it was! The flow went on for what seemed like minutes, splashing noisily into the bowl beneath me as it swirled down into it. What a sodden mess that would have made if it all had come out into my pants!! As things turned out, it was a very near miss.

After a seemingly endless time, the flood slowed to a trickle and then to a few drips. Eventually, I was able to relax completely and I let out a big sigh of relief. I gingerly felt my underpants and found they were pretty damp, but they appeared to have absorbed most if not all of the spurts that had leaked out on the plane and I was pleased to find that my joggers felt dry.

But now I was starting to feel aroused again as images of what had happened on the plane and how I'd so nearly wet myself in public and other images of those women in the toilet queue and especially the one who'd been so close to me on the plane flashed through my mind. I was very tempted to take matters in hand straight away and do something about that other familiar urge (it would probably not have taken long in the excited state I was in to bring myself to the point when I had to let another fluid spurt into my already ruined underpants - though usually I like to prolong that kind of pleasure for as long as I can before working up to the inevitable even more pleasurable ending) but I thought I’d better get to passport control and out to collect my hold luggage before thinking of doing anything about it. 

So, slightly reluctantly, I took off my underpants and pulled up my joggers, discarding my damp underwear in a bin in the main part of the men’s toilets before strolling out into the corridor with a pleasantly free feeling between my legs after what felt like a very narrow escape from an extremely embarrassing situation.

There was no sign of my neighbour on the plane. I assumed she'd been able to get through the door to the ladies - though of course she and a number of other women could have been still waiting for a spare cubicle and were perhaps feeling able to be more open about their urgent 'need' once they were inside. But but there was still quite a queue of women waiting to get into the ladies and some of them looked very desperate indeed! I had a brief glimpse of one young woman who was squeezing one hand firmly between her legs in an obvious attempt to suppress what looked like an extremely strong desire to pee. 

When she caught sight of me, she quickly took her hand away and tried to stand normally, her face turning red as she did so. I guessed she didn’t mind other women seeing her holding herself but suspected that she was too embarrassed to let a man know how close she was to wetting herself. Even so, I noticed that she had crossed her legs and was clamping her thighs tightly together. I admit that sight caused a strong stirring between my own legs so I turned away and started walking down the corridor towards passport control, hoping that nobody had noticed the growing bulge in my pants that betrayed the fact that I was very turned on by seeing a woman in that state.

When I eventually got to the baggage hall, I found myself standing next to my neighbour on the plane as we waited for our luggage to appear on the carousel. She gave me a smile of recognition as she spotted her case and plucked it off so I said “I hope you have a pleasant evening ahead”. “You too” she replied, adding “It’s a relief to be off that plane!”

“It certainly is!” I agreed as we started to go our separate ways. And indeed it was an enormous relief, perhaps in the same way for her as it was for me. Though of course I’ll never know for sure, I wonder if she has as vivid memories of that flight as I have?

$

