Getting Head while my girlfriend sat in her own puddle

Author: GoodPup124

*000*2023-12-12 19:45

I'm new here, so I'd figure I would start of strong with an omorashi experience straight from my fantasies. Definitely not the most typical type of play for me as I am the more submissive type, but still wonderful to say the least. This story is about my girlfriend and I, all was consensual and we have safe words in place. Anyway, story time, here we go:

My girlfriend had come over to my house, a warm summer evening, and after a relaxing dinner and chat with my family, we decide to sneak up to my room for some exhilarating play.

As soon as the door to my room closed, we began desperately kissing. The tension of a day spent together within the boundaries of what we could do around my parents had built up enough, and we were both lusting for each other. As I pushed her onto the soft beanbag chair and began kissing her neck, my girlfriend, in her silky voice, confided "I really have to pee". Of course this was music to my ears, and I was more than excited to hear this.

This woman is absolutely gorgeous, 4'11, Asian and blessed with a wonderfully shaped butt, as well as smooth and delicate thighs. Wearing those big round eye-glasses, a pleated skirt and a schoolgirl top, I could nor think of a more arousing situation than seeing her desperate to relive herself.

We continued kissing for a few minutes after her confession of needing to pee, but deviously, I decided to apply some pressure to her bladder to speed up the process of her desperation.

I placed my palm on her lower abdomen and began to apply a pulsating and light pressure, and at the very first touch she gasped in pleasure as a small stain of urine appeared on the underside of her white panties. One hand pressing gently on her lower abdomen and the other drawing small circles on her thighs, approaching the groin of this desperate and very aroused girl.

As my hand eventually reached her crotch, I could feel the warm dampness of her urine on the outside of her panties. A golf ball sized patch had materialized and drops of piss trickled out, against every will my precious girlfriend could muster.

I remove my hand from her groin and gently remove her glasses, placing them aside as they had fallen lopsided during her hysteria from pleasure and rapid movement from withholding her urine from all falling out. "choke me" she begs, so tracing my hand down her cheek, ever so damp from tears of pleasure or embarrassment, I wrap my hand around her soft, tan neck, and apply a light pressure.

She lets out a light moan of pleasure, alongside a small spurt of piss that slowly dribbles onto the hardwood floor below. Seeing this, the goal to force this girl to wet becomes my fixation, and I trade the hand on her tummy for my elbow, pushing all of my weight into it. She softly yelps in surprise, then begs me to stop pushing, meanwhile the trickle coming from under her skirt grows into larger spurts of piss, contributing to a yellow puddle around her ass.

With one final push, her bladder fails entirely, soaking her pink pleated skirt and soiling the adorable thigh high socks she was wearing. For a second she sits in the puddle of her own urine, holding eye contact with me. The smell of fresh pee reaches my nose and I am even more aroused than before. I reach for her groin and feel the warm piss around her thighs that she sits in, defeated. I begin to rub on her clit, savoring the feeling of her urine all around us, both of our clothes wet with her urine.

Now, as if it was not enough excitement for one night, she motions for me to stand op, undoing my belt, then fly. Still sitting and soaking in her puddle, that continues to grow, she gives me a mischievous look before giving me the most priceless oral of my life. As she works, I allow my self soft moans while looking at her soaked clothing. She begins viciously rubbing at her own sexual areas, all while from her maintaining her rhythm with her mouth, shortly resulting in a mutual orgasm. As I ejaculate into her mouth, she shakes uncontrolled from her own climax before making coy eye contact and swallowing my load.

She lets out one final portion of piss into her soaked clothes and then stands up with shaky legs, and I allow my self one last gaze:

Her short and barley chubby stature, while still maintaining a tiny waist, her soaked thigh highs that were once white but now are stained yellow, her dripping skirt and panties, completely soiled. It was a precious sight.

Ok, thank you for listening to me, hope you could enjoy, This was a really unusual story for me as typically I am dominated by my gf rather than the other way around, so I lowekey wish I could trade places but it was still amazing. Also feel free to DM me to chat, I wanna make friends in the community :3.

*002*2023-12-15 21:06

Yeah, lucky me haha :3

