So Many Firsts! Ushering in the new year.

Author: Graystar1

*000*2025-01-01 04:48

I had some fun ushering in the new year and I tried so many new and exciting things I would love to share. The pictures will be in chronological order. Ok so last night I decided I would do a hold and wear some L/XL good nights. So for the first time in my life I wore pull ups, under my boxers, to sleep. (I still live with my family so my opportunity to do stuff like this is slim and so I usually don’t risk it but with encouragement from a new friend I was feeling bold. Around twelve I had drunk a bottle and a half of water I could go to the bathroom but I wasn’t desperate. At exactly 1:40 my body woke up wanting to go to the bathroom but I ignored it and managed to go back to sleep.

I woke up that morning around 6:00 and could definitely go for a pee but I wasn’t too desperate, so I drank more water and took a shower. I got out and put my pull-up back on under all my clothes. After that and feeling how full my bladder was getting I began to doubt the pull up so I grabbed a M sized one that I couldn’t fit and cut the straps out and set it into the seat of the pull-up I was wearing as a makeshift kind of booster. Then I put on some baby powder and went to town 30 minutes out where the Walmart was around 8:30.

During my whole trip it was raining off and on heavy and I liked the soothing sound that tried to make me give up my hold and walk around wet but I held strong. I had to buy a gift for my grandma who has an early January birthday but I also was gonna be in public in pull-ups for the first time ever. I got to Walmart and circled the baby section a few times, the goodnights L/XL I was wearing where not stocked to I got something else around the same L/LX size and put it in my cart.

Now while I was taking hopefully casual looks through the pull-ups section I noticed the pacifiers so I grabbed a silicon pack of three and quickly but discreetly went to self checkout. I had just shopped in pull-ups, bought pull-ups, and bought pacifiers, ALL FOR THE FIRST TIME! (The pull ups I was wearing are ones my brother had when he was bed wetting growing up. He grew out of bed wetting and the pull-ups had gone forgotten meaning they were all mine.) I checked out a few more stores where I thought I would have luck finding something like diapers that would fit me but no luck.

I next went to a medical supply store. Unfortunately I was the only one their and it was a small store so I couldn’t get away from the staff considering that this store was one room so I bought my grandma a new cain that’s hopefully better than the one she has now and I got out of their. Now I wanted something more than a playing black cain so I went to dollar tree to hopefully find some craft stuff I could use on the cain. After walking around not finding anything I spotted a blue baby bottle and knew I had to buy it. I went up to what was unfortunately a long line and waited and my nerves got to me. I looked in the cooler and saw some water bottles, it had been a while since I had drank anything so I decided to buy one and drink it during the rest of my trip. (I had just bought a baby bottle, FOR THE FIRST TIME. And I bought it for myself.)

After going back through Walmart to get the craft supplies I got back in my car and drove home. On the way home I opened the pacifiers and sucked on one while I drove. I was self conscious though and pulled it out whenever a car was coming my way on those back roads but the latter half of my drive I opened up the baby bottle and pored the last half of my water in the baby bottle, meaning I had to finish it before I got home so I could hide my baby bottle. I sucked the water from the nipple of the bottle while I drove the last stretch and I was getting pretty desperate but I was forced to keep sucking and drinking! I got home and got everything in the barn, (I live on a farm and the barn was finished with a finished second floor.)

I stashed my new pull-ups and my family was home meaning that my hold had to end there because I would definitely lose control soon and I couldn’t risk it. So at 11:40am I laid back on a bench press in the barn and started peeing in my pull-up. I started to feel the padding being overwhelmed and could feel my boxers that I wore over it got a bit wet so I had to stop so I could get rid of the pull up and “booster” and then go do something about my wet underwear. I got cleaned up discreetly and snuck a pacifier and my baby bottle inside to be hidden close by. And that is the story of my first hold. Hopefully first of many! It was amazing! I’m squirming just thinking about it!

