When a girl made me pee myself (watersports)

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2021-04-24 00:26

I mentioned something about this story somewhere, so I'm going to actually tell it. When I was 20 I had a friend that knew about my kink, we had sex sometimes, and she'd also make me get desperate and wet myself on occasion.

One day she was at my house, we'd been hanging out for hours watching tv. She was wearing shorts and a hoodie, I was wearing leggings and a sweater. I'd been drinking water the whole time, so eventually I started really needing to pee. I decided to hold it and see if she would notice. I tried not to be too obvious about it, but I was still squirming every few minutes and moving around a lot, I think it was very noticeable.

After maybe half an hour I was struggling to keep it together, my bladder was so full, I knew I'd have to grab my crotch soon to keep from wetting myself. My friend hadn't said anything yet about my growing desperation, but I think she probably knew. Right then she got up from the couch to check on something in the other room. As soon as she was out of sight I shoved both hands between my legs, jumping up to do a quick pee dance. I was totally bursting and I knew I couldn't hold it much longer, but I wanted to try to get it under control while I had a chance. While I was holding myself and bouncing, she suddenly came back into the room. I quickly pulled my hands away, but she'd already seen me. I blushed and looked away, and she just laughed and told me to walk over to her.

I shyly did what I was told, and when I got to her she turned me around and hugged me from behind, slipping her hand down my leggings and pressing on my bladder. I instantly slammed my legs together and whimpered at the pressure. She just laughed again and called me cute, then slid her hand down to my pussy. I wasn't wearing panties and I gasped when she touched me, I had to pee so bad but it felt amazing. She kept holding my pussy and walked me over to the couch.

When we reached it she gently pushed me onto it so I was on my back, then straddled me. I squirmed from desperation and anticipation, my heart racing. She started to press on my bladder again, kneading and prodding it, and I couldn't help moaning in response. My pussy was throbbing as I struggled to hold my pee in. It felt so good but I could barely hang on. She kept teasing me and I just squirmed more frantically, nearly in tears, I was really about to lose it. Suddenly I felt a spurt of pee leak out, and I begged her to stop, nearly bucking her off me with my panicked squirming. She smirked and got up, touching the wet spot on my leggings, then told me to get on the floor.

I hurriedly obeyed as she watched, taking off her shorts and panties and kneeling next to me. She grabbed the waistband of my leggings and pulled them off me. With my pussy exposed to the air my desperation surged, but I was also intensely turned on, and I managed to keep holding it as she started to rub me. She said something about how wet I was before straddling me again, this time pressing her bare pussy up against mine. We were both breathing hard and I could feel how hot and wet she was too. She started to grind against me, and put her hands back on my bladder.

I kept whimpering and squirming and moaning as she rubbed against me, I was so turned on it was getting hard to focus on holding it. She was picking up speed, and the motion was jostling my bladder while she pressed on it. The urge to let go was getting unbearable. I had to pee soooo bad. I tried with all my strength to hold on, but it was too much. One of her thrusts made another spurt of pee come out, and I couldn't take it anymore. Blushing and moaning, I started forcefully peeing on her pussy, a jet splashing out with every thrust. I was lost in how good it felt, I couldn't stop it, I was just going right there on the floor.

She smiled and moaned as she kept rubbing against me, my pee soaking her pussy. She kept at it until I was empty, then slowed down and got up off me. Her legs were dripping wet, and as I sat up I saw there was a big puddle on the wood floor under me. We showered afterward, it was such a hot experience

*005*2021-05-01 19:22

{{On 4/23/2021 at 9:53 PM, ashishgamer said:

That was really hot. I don't imagine it was a one time thing though. Once you both realised how good it felt, you must have done it a lot more times right?

}}

Oh haha it wasn't even the first time, just the most memorable She liked to make me pee on her pussy, sometimes she'd pee on me too. A few times she made me wait until I was really desperate, then we'd get in the shower and she'd shove her thigh between my legs and keep it there until I lost control.

