Early Involuntary Wetting

Author: gobphus

*000*2016-10-20 21:31

This topic is where I will post earlier stories about my early involuntary nighttime wettings.

In late 2011 I woke up twice while wetting. The first time happened about November 9, 2011.I had decided, for the first time in several nights, not to wear a diaper to bed. I wore just white cotton briefs and an undershirt under my PJs. I woke up sometime during the night. I was lying on my back and immediately sensed that I was wetting. It was an put-of-body experience: my urine seemed to be moving through a tube horizontally right-to-left a foot above my crotch! Pilots have reported out-of-body experiences when their brains are deprived of oxygen during high g-force maneuvers. They feel as if they are looking down at themselves in the cockpit from a position above the aircraft's tail. 

In my case I was looking at my penis, I suppose, suspended in mid-air. Very strange. Like some others who have reported wetting the bed as adults, I stopped the flow immediately and felt my crotch to determine how much damage I had done. A small area on my pajamas, maybe 3 inches in diameter, was damp but not soaking. Fortunately my briefs had soaked up most of the urine. I got out of bed and went into the bathroom, sat down on the toilet, pulled down my PJs bottoms and briefs, and peed. The smell of the asparagus in my urine was strong. I took off my PJs bottoms and briefs, washed out the briefs in my sink, and hung them up to dry on the shower door. Wearing just my PJs, I went back to bed.

The second time was on December 13, 2011, when I woke up actually wetting the bed. This was the first time in 45 years that I had wet the bed while asleep. A 4-inch spot, so not awful. As I woke up, I realized that I was wetting. It went on for a few seconds before I realized I should stop wetting. I wasn't aroused. The sensation was not particularly pleasurable; it was just there. My wetting didn't frighten me. In fact, I was just trying to decide whether I should relax and finish peeing in bed, or get up and go to the toilet. I got up and finished peeing in the toilet. I compromised by taking off my PJ bottoms but leaving my briefs on and peeing through them. After I finished peeing, I took my briefs off and rinsed them out in the sink, then put my slightly wet PJ bottoms back on and went back to bed.

I didn't feel embarrassed, just a little worried about whether I had regressed into frequent bedwetting. It would be very embarrassing to wet the bed while visiting family or friends. I wondered which would be more fun, to wake up while wetting and just finish going in bed, or to sleep through the wetting and wake up in a wet bed. Either way sounded awesome, and a potentially dangerous event for a former teen and young adult bedwetter. I thought I'd hate to lose nighttime control again, but I might also love it.

I had been wearing and wetting diapers a lot recently, both at night and during the day. Until I left for a visit with family a few days later, I avoided wearing diapers and wetting my clothes. It was fun, but I wanted to be back in control of my pee.

My hope afterwards was that I would just stay relaxed and let my pee flow unconstrained. The sense of complete relaxation was wonderful!

*001*2016-10-20 21:34

The next time I recorded wetting was October 2, 2012. I half woke up and thought about putting on a pullup. A while later I half woke up again and thought I was wearing a pullup, so I started wetting. I felt a stream of hot pee go up the left side of my tummy, which it shouldn't have done in a pullup, so I stopped the flow and checked. Oops, no pullup, but rather a soaked spot on my pajamas.

I classify this wetting as involuntary because it happened when I was half awake and thus unable to think completely rationally. I intended to wet a diaper, not my pajamas.

*002*2016-10-20 21:37

Here's one from about October 31, 2013: I woke up at 2:48 A.M. with a big wet spot on my pajamas and no memory of wetting. What a surprise! I hadn't wet in my sleep like that since I was a young adult. Before that night, I had always woken up to use the toilet or wet my diaper or at least woken up while wetting (4 times in 2 years). Typically I stay dry until I consciously decide to wet my diaper or get up and use the toilet.

I wasn't aroused initially, although I couldn't keep my hands off the wet spot. I did manage to massage myself to an erection but fell back to sleep before I could do much with it.

I thought that all my diaper wearing and wetting was changing the way my brain processed signals from my bladder. I quit wearing diapers for a few days and did not have any more accidents. I wondered if I'd wet like that again.

