My first wetting 😳 (outside too!)

Author: Guest CanbeWonders

*000*2020-12-23 00:46

So, I probably discovered this fetish (or series of fetishes?) a couple months back, and have been lurking around this forum without an account for a little while. I was a bit too nervous/embarrassed to make one. Plus I didn't feel like I had anything to say when I could just read. Anyway, as the title implies I now have a story and telling it won't be the most daring thing I've done today.

Anyway.... here goes nothing. So, when I first discovered I was into the whole desperation thingy I tried to make myself hold or wet. But it wasn't really doing it for me. Like it was kinda exciting but I would always chicken out and just use the bathroom before there was any real risk. So, for a couple weeks now I've been playing a little game with myself. It isn't exactly complicated. Essentially, I drink a bunch of water, or tea or juice or whatever else I'm in the mood for. Then I wait until I have to go pretty bad. Then I take a walk. There's this 2ish mile road loop, around my house that I like to walk. My personal rule has been that I use the bathroom if I make it through my walk. So far I've done this a few times and it pushed me further than I had been able to do just staying inside, but I had never failed. I'm sure you see where this is going.

Anyway, last little bit of context/exposition. My parents, who I moved back in with since my uni closed for pandemic times, live in a rural mountain area. Since I live with them I always wait until they are out running errands or whatever, so that I don't have to explain things if I fail. The rural loop is also perfect for my game. There are only a few other houses around the whole loop, and I'd say I see 4ish cars on average throughout the entire walk. So, it's pretty private, and unlikely that I'd be caught, but it's just public enough to really ramp up the excitement.

Anyway, finally we can be on to the story. So, my mom mentions that she has some shopping to do and I'm like "Well, I already have to go a little bit. I'll start drinking some water and should be ready for my "game" by the time she leaves." So, I start doing drinking water. I know people here like to know how much water, but I didn't measure or count. Sorry, I wasn’t actually planning to share. But it was definitely a lot of glasses. I pretty much was drinking non-stop. Then here comes the rub, mom ends up taking over an hour before she actually decides to leave for her trip. While I wait I'm probably at a 7 or 8. To be honest, I thought I was at a 9, but I didn't realize what a 9 really was. I thought about just giving up many many times before even leaving. Like, it would have been so easy to just use the bathroom, and I already had to go pretty bad. But I decided I really wanted to push myself, and she did eventually leave.

So, I put on my snow boots and left to take my walk. Before I even got to the end of my driveway I was starting to question my decision. My internal monologue was pretty much like. "Hey, you have to go way worse than usual. You actually might not make it this time. Just turn around and use the bathroom." But I told myself that the chance I might not make it was part of the excitement. Even though I told myself that, I think that actually I just didn't believe I would fail. I had gotten cocky from having done this a couple times before and not really coming too close to wetting.

So, I keep going. It's probably at about the halfway point that I'm sweating (despite it being freezing outside) and my tummy/bladder isn't just feeling full but is actually starting to hurt a bit. I'm seriously regretting my decision at this point, but considering I'm roughly halfway in I can't really turn around. Or, if I did it would probably take me just as long to get home. So, I keep going.

It's only a little bit longer that I start to finally realize I really might not make it. I was getting more desperate with every second. Now I was actually at a 9. So I start to run. Sort of. Actually running shook up my bladder in a way that hurt and it took me about 2 steps to realize it was worse than walking. So I ended up doing this half running, half speed walking, half waddling thing that was faster than walking but didn't put pressure on me like running did.

A part of my brain is thinking about just giving up, but then one of the rare cars in our area passes me, and that makes me reconsider. I kinda tighten myself up and keep going. Eventually I do have to stop my not-really-running thingy because even that is too much. I was back to a walk, but it was okay, I was almost home. I was probably the most desperate I’d ever been, at least since I discovered this fetish. Even at this point though, I was pretty sure I could make it. I was so close.

Eventually my house was in view. But with the way the road was shaped I still had to go around one more turn. There’s a stream in the way, so I couldn’t just leave the road and run straight to the house. I had to take the road to get the bridge. But still, it wasn’t much longer, just a little turn of the road.

I don’t know if it was because I let myself relax because I was so close, or if it was just coincidence. But around the same point I felt my bladder ease up just the tiniest bit, and I felt some warmth in my pants. I’m not actually 100% sure if I leaked there. I probably did, but you couldn’t see anything from the outside. I had planned to check my undies when I got home, but that didn’t really work out.

I made it to my driveway without any more issue. I was pretty much home, but this is a long mountain driveway so I’m still not totally safe. It probably takes 30 seconds to a minute to walk up. Not much, but it sure felt like a lot right then. I’m thinking that I won’t make it. But still, I was like, “I’m this close. It’d be stupid to fail now.”

I run up the driveway. That might have been a mistake. I already discussed the problem with running. But at this point I felt like I couldn’t wait another second so I had to risk it. I make it all the way to my door. I’m patting down my pants and jacket, trying to remember which pocket I put my keys in. Then, I feel myself start to leak. This time there was more than last time I was positive that I was going. There was just a tiny spot on the outside of my jeans. I tighten up and stop it to keep searching for my key. Curse my jacket for having 17 pockets and curse me for forgetting which one I put it in.

Then I just give up. I could barely focus on finding my keys, my legs were crossed and my body was shaking from the effort. Maybe I could have made it without leaking any more. I’m honestly not sure. I wasn’t quite at 100% no control. But it really just didn’t feel worth it to hold anymore. It just felt sooooo good to release. And at this point I’d already leaked. I’d already failed and wet my jeans. Plus there was no chance of anyone seeing me. So what is the point of holding anymore?

So, there on my doorstep, I just let my entire body relax and I peed myself. I don’t know how much, or how long. But it was plenty to leave my jeans pretty thoroughly soaked. At least the insides of them. By the end I could even feel some getting into my boots/socks.

I really let it all go. Once I was done it wasn’t hard to find my keys, turns out it was much easier to focus now. I took another couple of seconds to just enjoy standing outside and feeling soaked. Then, I went inside, put the relevant clothes into the washing machine. Then I took a shower.

Then, I decided I had to make an account on this site and I sat down to write this because I just had to share. And like, it’s not like there is anyone else I could tell about it. I wouldn’t go so far as to say I regret the experience. But I think I’ll definitely take a break from my game for awhile, because this was plenty of risk for a long time. Anyway, I'm going to push the "submit" button before I chicken out of posting this. I hope y'all enjoy it.

