Stuck zipper while camping

Author: Guest

*000*2022-11-14 06:17

It’s the middle of the night where I live, but since I can’t sleep, I though I’d share this lovely memory with all of you.

When my wife was pregnant with our 3rd child, the whole family went on a camping trip. It wasn’t some set campsite where people go “glamping”, it was the real deal. She’s a real super mom for being able to keep up with all of us despite being 7 months along at that point. Because she was pregnant, she was leaking like crazy from all the hydration and strenuous effort. She made sure to pack a bunch of pull-ups, and, as is with most pregnant women, we had to stop frequently so she could pee. We had no problem with that, of course, I’m just providing context.

Anyway, we set up our campsite and after dinner and some time spent with each other, we went to bed. We all (4 people, 2 adults 2 kids) shared one big tent. I got woken up in the middle of the night to some noise and a light shining in the tent. When I sat up, I saw my wife, in her sports bra and leggings, on her knees, bending over, hand in crotch, huffing and puffing while unzipping the tent opening.

“what are you doing?” I asked.

”I GOTTA PEE-“

”shhhhhh, the kids are asleep.”

“I can’t open the tent!”

Sure enough, the tent zipper had caught on the fabric and was stuck. I offered to help, and while I did, she furiously wriggled in place and cursed at me while begging me to hurry up. (Something I realized I’ve never mentioned on the main board is that my wife is Latina, so when she’s in a precarious situation, sometimes she curses in Spanish, which for some reason really turns me on). I finally got it undone, but not before she leaked and I got to see her damp crotch. I followed her outside, where she pulled down her leggings and started peeing just before doing so, resulting in even wetter leggings. I admit, I chuckled a little when this happened and she got super embarrassed, which I found really cute.

“I hope you’re happy!”

”What? I didn’t do it on purpose.”

“Mmmhmmm, sure.”

After she finished peeing we ended up sitting outside the tent by the fire for a bit and had a really nice mid night conversation. I don’t remember what we talked about but I do remember feeling all warm and fuzzy, and wanting to make love to her. Not out of horniness but pure love. We eventually did when we got back home the next day.

