Student wets herself infront of her friends house

Author: Guest Adorablegerbil

*000*2022-07-09 16:58

Hi there,

This is a real story of a female student wetting herself in front of her friends house, and inside her house. Both of them were from my university friend group some years ago. These are not their real names. For some reason, Jenna told the story of Irinas Pee desperation and her accident at our dinner table at university in full detail, with Irina herself being there. This is what happened:

Jenna has invited Irina to her house so they could study together. Jenna was home alone, preparing her room at the second floor. Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Jenna looked out of her window, seeing Irina nervously standing at her door, her arms tightly clutching her body. Jenna didn‘t give it much thought, she slowly walked down the stairs towards the door. As she opened the door, she saw Irina with her eyes wide open, her hands covering her already wet crotch, a small dark patch on her black leggings between her legs. Irina rushed inside the house, breathing heavily, ran up the stairs screaming „i gotta go to the toilet!“ she left behind a few pee drops on the gray carpet.

Jenna followed her up the stairs to the bathroom on the second floor, only to see Irina laying on the ground in front of the bathroom. Irina was desperately holding her wet crotch, trying to breathe calmly, holding back the flood. Jenna asked her „what are you doing?!“ Irina desperately stuttered:“i‘m trying to hold it, when i lay on the ground it doesn‘t hurt so bad..“ after a few seconds, Irina slowly got up and walked towards the bathroom, opened the door and took a few steps forward, only to freeze completely and letting out a silent desperate „aaahh“ as a giant waterfall of pee ran down both of her legs, splashing on the bathroom floor, completely soaking her black leggings, leaving her standing a big steaming puddle of her own pee. Jenna helped her cleaning up her mess.

Honestly, i felt really bad for Irina getting exposed by Jenna in this way at our table. She sat there with a reddish face, her shame written all over her face. Jenna laughed it off as being so hilarious, in the manner of: „haha i really have to tell you what Irina did ahahah, you won‘t believe it“.

It was an awkward moment, Jenna just randomly told me a REAL detailed story out of my wildest fantasies without anyone knowing, but i felt bad for Irina and didn‘t want to fetishize one of my friends like that, i felt kind of guilty.

Still i wanted to share this story after all those years. Thank you for reading.

