Strangest places (I/you)`ve peed

Author: garageguy

*000*2017-11-02 01:36

So, I'm not sure if a topic synonymous with this one has been created, and if it has please let me know so as to keep me from cluttering this website. But to the main content.

This topic is intended to be a place where members post the oddest places that they care to mention where they have tried to get relief (either with success, faliure, or disaster).

I don't have much time, so I'm afraid for now I will only be able to post one occasion, but it is the most in-depth and probably most enjoyable, as I managed to accidentally pee where I shouldn't have when I wasn't desperate.

Note: Generally, I would rather post much smaller descriptions of the places and events. This one is so complicated!

I was car-sitting while my parents were shopping. My grandfather would come by in a while to give us... I don't exactly remember. I was working on a project on an old laptop and so was completely absorbed with trying to get as much work done as possible before the grey-haired battery died. This kept me from paying much attention to my tank until I had come to a pretty good stopping place on the project and was also seriously concerned that I would wet myself. Not wanting to risk being seen by shooting straight out the door, I found what should have been thrown away by rule but I was glad it hadn't been: a crushed (but intact) water bottle.

I peed into the bottle until it was full, clenched like I was hanging off Cloud City in STAR WARS V, and then emptied it out the passenger door. I did this a second time, and by then was well out of danger. But the perfect country in me wanted to be completely empty despite sense telling me to quit. I started to fill the bottle again, but around 6/10 full I dropped it. For about 1.4 seconds I just [sat kneeling?] there as both the bottle and myself poured onto the (thankfully rubber and not carpeted!) car floor.

Managed to stop before things got too out of hand, and after I emptied the bottle I was grateful to find a roll of toilet paper and a "trash" bag (I don't remember if they were for travel purposes or for noses). I covered the mess in toilet paper, wadded and threw it away (thankfully it didn't break apart), and wiped up what was left. When my grandfather called to say he would be there soon, I said "One thing [you should know]. There's a puddle of water outside the passenger door. (him: okay...) Well, it's not water. So [chuckle] don't step in it. (him: [laugh] Okay!) Pretty normal shopping trip after that. The end.

So, whaddya think? Is this topic worth hanging around (no pun intended, the topic is doing the hanging in the slang sense of the phrase)

&&

&&

*003*2017-11-02 02:14

They oughta make snowmen roof decorations doing that. Hope it wasn't too cold.

Edit: no pun intended! :P

I'm grateful for your support.

I think the absolute oddest place I've peed was through the remains of a dryer vent to the outside in a building under renovation. Not a bad place, really.

*005*2017-11-02 02:22

{{14 minutes ago, spiritedpearl said:

When I first discovered omo, I peed in my closet. That was an odd place for me at the time.

}}

I think my first odd place was in a closet into a coffee cup. I was very small, and my father helped me (it was a construction job I had come on) as we both needed to go. The funny part was a later time when I tried to do the same thing alone and (still being very small) peed into what I now think was a metal paint roller pan. I also think that the pee got everywhere from the reaction I got, but I don't remember.

Ah, boyhood days.

{{1 minute ago, crashdriver said:

The strangest places I've peed seem fairly tame. When I was a kid (around six years old or so) I had to pee really bad during a car trip and ended up going in a juice sipper.

And recently I've stuffed an old pair of underwear into a plastic cup, peed in it and thrown the cup and underwear away.

}}

Err, why the underwear?

*007*2017-11-02 02:39

People are posting as I write this. Don't take offense thinking that I'm replying to you (not that I won't reply).

I think my avatar pic is... not quite my type. But to get to what I meant to say.

The strangest places I've peed are nothing compared to the strangest places I dreamt I was peeing (due to needing to pee and my subconscious being smart enough not to let me really pee, but not quite smart enough to keep me from dreaming I was peeing). Is there a forum topic for this (meaning omotashi dreams)?

{{5 minutes ago, crashdriver said:

It was to soak up the pee. I didn't feel like leaving my room and the underwear was pretty worn-out.

}}

So, the cup was leaky (only there to hold the undies)?

*012*2017-11-02 03:02

This is referring to the potential omorashi dream thread.

Tell me where it is! (unless you would be so kind as to let me create it and thud establish what I'd to be posted for my pleasure *evil-ish laugh*)

*014*2017-11-02 03:11

{{5 minutes ago, spiritedpearl said:

That's when I was first exploring omo. I was always so nervous my mom would walk in, it was easy to unlock my door.

}}

I've felt the same nervousness.

If you want to have the experience of peeing on the floor without actually getting it wet, try bladder inflation with a bicycle pump. Sounds stupid, but if done right you get amazing results! You can go from barely any pee at all to absolutely bursting in minutes, and then do it again! There is probably a better topic to post instructions on. Please tell me if there is. If not, tallyhoe!

*015*2017-11-02 03:18

{{3 minutes ago, Despholder said:

I'm sure about that I've seen a few topics about this, a wile ago trough the forum, discussed in detail. A simple search should get there

}}

Okay, ran a search. 9 results. The only one that mentioned a howto was the very first result - this thread. :P

So, I guess the topic is open. I would like a water inflation howto that doesn't involve shower heads.

*016*2017-11-02 03:21

I think I will before I clock out. Original post: Meantime, I need to go to bed. Goodnight!

Hmm, why do I have my legs crossed? Fiction: Oh, well. I think I'll just relax go to sleep... *purr* [warm feeling]

*018*2017-11-02 03:31

Okeydokey! Also, I created a how to omorashi thread in omorashi general. I may not be able to post instructions tonight, though.

*019*2017-11-02 18:36

*sniggers* ??

*020*2017-11-02 22:34

{{3 hours ago, Despholder said:

In the elevator, when was bursting and stuck between floors for 5 hours

}}

? I always though those YouTube videos were dumb skits from the description and didn't watch them. You have taught me better. Thankyou!

PS: Was anyone else in the elevator?

*021*2017-11-04 19:35

{{On 11/3/2017 at 1:08 AM, Despholder said:

Sorry, taught you better what?

I did not get it

A female collegue. That made it such a struggle to hold.

}}

Taught me better in that there are at least some people who pee in elevators out of real need. I thought they were just drunk or trying to be funny.

PS: What was her response? How did things go after that? Did she tell anyone?

*022*2017-11-16 01:32

This is an old list I compiled. It actually contains some things I already posted.

"These are some strange places I've taken relief. I've wished I didn't do some of them (mostly from embarrassment), but others were good ideas (some of which went wrong). Still others were probably not the best idea, but I didn't want to budge. Aside from the classic and regular places, I've left my mark...

- In what I think was a steel paint roller pan in a closet (oldest weird place I can remember).

- in a plastic bottle which I successfully emptied out the door onto the parking lot twice before accidentally dropping it and letting it and me pour all over the car floor.

- in the bathroom sink.

- in both new and pre-wetted baby diapers.

- through a vynil tube threaded through an opening in the corner of an attic to the outside.

- filling two 2-liter soda bottles over the course of a few hours.

- through the board edge-openings of various fences.

- out a second-story window.

- through wire mesh over a first-story window.

- through a vent pipe end to the outside in a building under renovation.

- into a running industrial fan (the sucking end!).

- into the riverstone-filled pot of an artificial plant.

- in some of the silliest dreams I've ever had. "

*023*2017-12-13 21:38

{{On 11/1/2017 at 10:54 PM, spiritedpearl said:

Another strange place I've peed is outside in my backyard when I lived at home.

I really had to go and everyone was sleep so I decided why not.

It was a little thrilling.

}}

So, you just walked into the back yard and peed out in the open?

I peed for a moment under a picnic table I was sitting at once, but I got caught.

{{On 11/2/2017 at 5:54 PM, Ely said:

Oh yes people often talk about how terrible it is when you're claustrophobic when there's a story of people trapped for hours, but nobody think about needing to pee !

}}

This proved to me once and for all that the people in movies were fictional.

*024*2017-12-13 22:13

I'd expect that the parking lot is usually pee covered. Am i right?

What do you mean by "the sand"? I ask because I saw a girl pee in the sand standing up wearing a swimskirt, and earlier that day I had peed whilst buried in the sand.

I also once peed openly in a parking garage while dreaming.

Full details coming soon in dreams of wetting thread.

