Trio of Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-03-22 15:45

Every now and again we arrange to meet up with friends who we don’t see that often, either down to life getting in the way or people at University or who have just moved away. Whatever the reason our extended friend group is dispersed so when we do get a chance to get together and catch up with everyone it's always a good time. In Saturday we did just that. We arranged with people to meet up and most of those we invited came along. We went out for a meal and spent 3 hours catching up and having a good laugh. After we finished the meal a few of the party had to head off. The rest of us walked around town going in a few pubs and having a few drinks. We ended up in the “club” in town (I use quote marks as it’s not a nightclub, it's a pub but at the weekend they have a DJ and disco) and had a lot of fun dancing and drinking and generally having a great time.

When we decided to head home it was about 1am. We came out of the club and our group split up and went different ways. When we reached the outskirts of the town centre we stopped for a five minutes chatting amongst ourselves and arranging when we could meet up again. Whilst chatting I asked one of our friends how she was getting home. She said she was walking and as she lived in our general direction we said we would walk her home. She argued and said she was fine but I told her to tell that to Matty. 

When she did he point blank refused to allow her to walk home alone. She gave in and accepted that we were going to go out of our way for her and we set off walking. We reached the point where my Sister and her bf turned off to towards our house and Alice went with them. The four of us (Matty, Me and our two friends) went the other way. We enjoyed walking along and chatting and after ten minutes we reached the first of our drop offs. Our friend offered to come with us but we told him it was fine and after giving hugs to everybody he went to his house and we carried on.

As we walked along Matty said that he needed to pee. Our friend told him to go somewhere but as we were in a residential street there were not that many places to go and he said he would be fine. Knowing he needed to pee turned me on and I wondered how desperate he was. He usually only mentions it when he really has to go. I needed to pee as well but not too bad as I had pee’d before we left. I wasn’t sure if he had or not. As we made our way towards her house he kept making little motions and moaning that he really had to pee. Our friend told him he was more than welcome to use the bathroom at her house when we got there. I think now he knew relief was getting near his need got worse.

When we reached her street and was walking up he started showing signs of real desperation. He was moaning and making desperate noises which never fail to turn me on. Knowing the signs that he was almost wetting himself was so hot and I could feel myself getting very aroused. As we reached her front door he leaned on the wall and bobbed up and down and told her to hurry up. She opened the door and she told him where the bathroom was. He kicked off his shoes and dashed inside. We followed him inside and he vanished upstairs. We walked through into the kitchen and before I could say anything she slipped her coat off and casually said “I hope he isn’t long, I’m bursting myself”. 

As she said this she crossed her legs and bobbed at her knees. As she isn’t one of my closest friends she doesn’t know my love of desperation so she had no idea that her casual comment had drove me crazy. I laughed and said she hadn’t mentioned it. She told me she hadn’t felt the need to because she wasn’t desperate. I nodded and she said “it's always when I get home, the first thing I do when I get home after a night out is dash to the bathroom because something about arriving home makes me so desperate. She asked if I wanted a cuppa but I said we were okay and would head off. She filled the kettle and watching her dance and squirm at the sound of the running water was lovely.

Matty appeared in the kitchen doorway a couple of minutes later looking very relieved. I expected to dash upstairs but instead she asked if he felt better. He nodded and said how glorious it was. She asked him if he wanted a cuppa and he too said he was fine and said we had better head home. She showed us to the door and we stood on the doorstep talking about how nice it had been seeing her and we planned that we would have to go shopping one day. As we were chatting she was shifting from foot to foot and squirming and then without shame stuck her hand her skirt and held herself. I could see Matty was taken aback at the sudden motion. She hugged us both and said “I don’t want to seem rude and seem like I’m pushing you away but I’m about to wee myself so I will have to say goodbye. We said goodbye and she went back inside. I giggled at Matty who looked at me and said “well that was sudden”. I told him what she had said in the kitchen and he then understood.

About five minutes after setting off I started to realise I should have probably used her bathroom as well before we left as my bladder was now feeling very desperate and full of cider. I told Matty and he smiled. As we walked along my bladder filled and got more desperate and soon I was busting for a wee and having to stop every so often and squeeze my legs. We were heading towards a park and I said I would have to stop in one of the bushes and have a wee because I was getting close to wetting my knickers. As we got closer to the park I started to dribble and they soon turned to leaks. We reached the park and I saw a very inviting bush and as I was about to go over to it Matty grabbed my hand and shook his head. He said I wasn’t allowed to do that and we were going to carry on walking home. Being told I wasn’t allowed to pee turned me on like crazy and I accepted my fate and we continued.

Every few steps a dribble would escape into my knickers and a leak would follow. It was getting harder to hold and I kept having to stop and cross my legs to keep from losing all control. Walking up the hill to our village was so hard and by the time we were halfway up I had trails of pee running down my legs and had my hand firmly pressed into my aching pussy. Another five minutes passed and I had started spurting uncontrollably. My bladder was so so full and needed to empty and it was so hard to hold on but it felt incredible to deny her the relief she craved.

A few more steps and I felt it, I was about to burst and no matter what I did I couldn’t hold it. I stopped walking and told Matty that I couldn’t wait anymore. The road up to our village is wooded on one side and he suddenly pushed me into the tree line, put his hand up my skirt and moved my hand away and replaced it with his. The sudden shock made me lose control and I just leaned against him moaning as relief washed over me. The feeling of my pee pooling around his hand felt amazing and after what seemed like forever my bladder emptied and I was left feeling so relieved. He pulled his hand out and licked my pee off them. We walked back out onto the road and walked home and had a shower before going to bed. The perfect end to such a fun night.
