To the ski resort (part 1)

Author: Guest Rima31

*000*2022-12-09 22:52

***This is part one of a two-parts story about what happened to me this last few days before coming back home. I will post part two in a few days so stay tuned if you enjoy it!***

So, this last few days, because it snowed quite a bit where I live, I went with my family (my parents, my aunt and uncle and my niece) to a ski resort to have fun and take advantage of the great weather. The road to the resort was quite long (around 4 hours) so knowing my bladder I kind of dreaded the number of pee breaks I would have to take (they would probably increase our time on the road quite substantially), so I asked my parents if I could just wear my pull-up for the ride, to which they agreed quite quickly (I think they're quite fed up by the usual pee breaks...).

For the clothes I was wearing in case anyone is curious : a very comfortable wool sweater (very fluffy and warm) and a tank-top instead of a bra (don't like wearing them and don't really need them, praise being flat-chested lol ) for the top half and leggings and thick jeans for the bottom half (and of course the pull-up).I knew it will take a while to get there so I took another pair from my luggage and put it in my purse so I could change if the first one couldn't hold it anymore, packet everything else and went to the car. There I exchanged greeting and a few words with my aunt and uncle which were chatting with my parents (Mira, my niece was still sleeping in the car because it was quite early in the morning), went back to do a quick pee one last time before leaving and then we were finally ready to go.

I was in the back seat listening to some music on my phone when, around half an hour later I felt I had to pee again, so I excused myself, to which my parents said I don't have to (I don't know why but I felt the need to excuse myself while doing it, even though they can't hear me, lol I'm weird I guess) , leaned back a little and start peeing. After a minute or so I finish, sigh in relief and go back to my music.

Maybe it was because it was a lot colder than usual or maybe it was because I drank a lot of water the night before, but I had to pee again after no more than 10 minutes, but I didn't think too much about it (I didn't excuse myself again lol) and just did it again. I think in the next hour I peed like 3 more times and I was getting quite anxious about my pull-up holding all that pee. Luckily my aunt phones my mother and asks her if we could stop a little so she can take Mira pee. 
After around 5 minutes we stopped our cars in a small "parking spot" on the side of the road. My aunt asked me if I need to pee too and want go with them behind some trees (she didn't knew I was wearing a pull-up), but I said I was ok. So, in the time it took Mira to pee and my parents and uncle to chat I decided to change my pull-up. I removed my jeans to find my leggings a little wet around to crotch (yep, they were starting to leak... 

Well, for how much I peed they resisted bravely...), I stood up a little to not wet the seat (luckily you can't see inside the back of car from outside because of the tinted windows) , took off my leggings and reached in my purse for the other pull-up. Before removing it I realized I didn't bring any wipes and baby powder in my purse and they were back in the trunk.

I texted my mom and told me to bring them to which she did. My aunt and Mira came back and everybody was ready to go, but my mother told them I was changing and asked them to wait a little. I started cleaning myself and applying powder when suddenly out of nowhere I start dribbling. I quickly grabbed myself to stop it, but I knew it was going to be a big pee, so 
I just took the pull up and put it between my legs and hold them with my hand (didn't even have time to pull them up normally) and trying really hard to not spill anything (which was a failure) the seconds I stood there peeing felt like an eternity, but worse than that now my new pull-up was ruined and had to get another pair... I called my mom to bring me another pair but she went to pee too, so even though it's quite embarrassing for me to be seen naked by my dad at this age I had no other choice but to tell him what happened and ask him to bring another pair and some clothes for me from the trunk (he brought me 2 pairs, bless him for being so caring and not getting angry about the mess I made), and after finally changing and cleaning the spilled pee we were finally ready to leave.

The rest of the trip until getting to the resort was pretty uneventful. Sure, I kept peeing and had to change myself one more time before reaching our destination, but considering my dad saw me down there already, I didn't really care anymore about it (I feel like I lost something important as a girl lol) and just starting changing while we were driving (I think they gave up on me...).

Well, this ends the first part of the story. I hope you enjoyed it and if you did look forward to part two! ❤️

