Desperate accident on a video call with my boss

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-08-06 16:03

This happened a little over a week ago. It was mid-morning, and I was wearing basic black panties and thin cotton pajama pants. I had been drinking a lot of water and coffee all morning while I worked, as usual. As it got close to the meeting time I didn't feel any need to go yet, and I expected it wouldn't be a long meeting, so I didn't bother going before it started.

The meeting itself was boring. My boss has a habit of talking a lot to get to his point, so it was mostly listening and waiting. As it went on I started to feel a growing pressure. Everything I drank earlier was hitting me at once, and from how fast it was building I realized that my bladder was already partly full before the meeting, I just hadn't noticed.

After about 30 minutes I was squeezing my thighs together. I definitely needed to go soon. If I had been in public I might have tried to interrupt and find a bathroom, but I was at home, I could hold myself if I had to. Besides, it would probably be over in a few more minutes, I could wait that long.

I started to get worried as my boss kept talking. It was taking longer than I thought, and it was getting hard to focus as my desperation grew. At this rate I felt like there was a chance I wouldn't make it. It had been about 50 minutes and I had both hands firmly pressed against my crotch, while my boss talked on unaware. Under the table I crossed my legs and squirmed around as much as I could without drawing attention. I had to pee so bad, my bladder was begging for release and all I could think about was letting it out.

After a few more minutes of desperate holding, it seemed like my boss was wrapping up. He started to ask some questions, so I had to respond while acting like I wasn't about to pee my pants. I struggled to keep my voice steady and felt my eyes begin to water. By that point I couldn't sit still and was pee dancing in my chair, I tried to make it look like I was just restless, but I was about to burst.

My boss began to say goodbye and talk about upcoming meetings. I did my best to look like I was fine, but trying to sit still and seem normal was making me extremely desperate. I held myself and squeezed my muscles tight, barely holding on, waiting for the second I could leave the call and run to the bathroom. It was so close.

Seconds from the end of the meeting, while my boss unknowingly watched, I just couldn't hold it anymore. A jet of hot pee shot from my pussy, soaking my panties and hands. I froze in place as I started wetting myself. I still needed to leave the meeting, so I fumbled to exit the video while my pee hissed out uncontrollably for a few moments. As soon as my camera was off I grabbed myself tight again and tried frantically to stop wetting. I only regained control enough to stand up, and I raced to the bathroom, leaking the whole way. Letting go of my crotch to pull my pants down made me lose control again, and I started peeing full-force in my panties before I could even sit down, but I mostly made it. The relief felt amazing

When I was done I took my wet clothes off. My panties were soaked, and my pajama pants had a big wet spot on the crotch, reaching partway down the thighs. The chair I was sitting in had a wet patch too. Thinking about how I just had an accident in front of my boss was super exciting, I felt so naughty for wetting myself I didn't mean to do it and that made it even better.

*006*2020-08-07 07:42

{{8 hours ago, TheSenatesOmo said:

This is a favorite scenario of mine since the lockdown started. This is really excellent, well written. If there are any more stories (real or fiction) I’d love to see/be directed to those.

}}

I have a couple other real stories of wetting (or just desperately peeing) in front of people, it's not the same as this scenario but sort of similar.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/59496-friend%E2%80%99s-neighbor-saw-me-peeing-outside/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/59654-wetting-in-front-of-my-next-door-neighbor/?do=embed"

$$

$$

