[Male] First wetting

Author: Ghostly-Entity

*000*2020-06-17 15:53

This is one of the special occasions where I log in here during the day. For the past week, some family has been visiting my hometown and staying at an apartment that's essentially a hotel, and I've stayed with them. They asked me to get up at 4AM to drop them off at the airport this morning and they said I have the place to myself until check-out at 11AM. This was an opportunity for 6 hours of independent living, as I'm still a dad's basement virgin.

Earlier, I also saw that the room had a washing machine & dryer. I get back from the airport at about 5AM and walk in to an empty room. I look around to make sure I have the proper supplies: Drinking water, knowledge on how to use the washing machine and a good enough amount of detergent. Looking at these supplies, I felt like Bart when he looked at the wall of megaphones just before chaining them to use them all at once, with my *internal* mischevious laugh and shit-eating grin.

I had one 20oz bottle of drinking water and a cup of coffee. No breakfast because the milk went bad, foiling my plans to eat Reese's Puffs. Waiting for my bladder to fill up just enough for a cleansing test pee to verify that I'm not gonna stink up the shower with ammonia-infested piss, I played on my Switch for a bit. Then, I went and had my test piss and coffee shit.

At about 6AM, I went back, decided which pants to "sacrifice" (I chose dark-gray shorts with what I believe was plaid material), and had what eventually added up to roughly 60oz of drinking water. Shortly as I began my true hold, I got nervous. I began to shake a little. I hadn't done this, aside from those few times in underwear in 7th grade that kinda don't count much in my book. I wasn't afraid of things going wrong, like by getting caught or whatever, but this was unfamiliar territory. I even felt a little like throwing up.

I turned off the Switch because I couldn't play with this nervousness. At this point, the hold was only about 3 or 4 / 10 in intensity. To try calming my nerves and setting the mood for the kinky experience, I force stopped most apps that could be interrupting or spying, and whipped out my favorite porn browser and VPN. I then logged in to the OmoOrg for the first time in 2 weeks. I read some stuff on here to ease in to the kinky occasion.

Now, around 7AM, I was about 7/10 I think? It slightly hurt my bladder. I stepped in the shower and tried releasing one really small spurt to test if I had the balls to actually do a full wetting. It only left a spot on my underwear with a 1" or less radius. This verified that I could actually pee on command. And then, my dick inflated to a half-chub. I wanted to finish reading this one story in an attempt to calm down a little more beforehand, but I didn't really process it all that much. I was simply too nervous.

Actually, by now it was 8/10 as I downed the last of the third water bottle. I set my phone down, leaving the forum and VPN open, and decided it's go time. I pointed my now erect penis upwards, and let out the first stream. In a few seconds, it seeped through the shorts, going down to the left side. I then used more force, speeding it up. The inner left thigh got pretty wet. I stopped, and although I didn't feel it very much, the tank was still full. I repositioned myself to wet the right side sitting down. I did this, feeling a decent wave of warm urine travel from the outer right thigh to the bottom of the right buttcheek. Then, I stood up and continued on the right, only this time down the whole leg. A straight stream flowed out. From here, I just felt the wetness with my hands and re-wet some areas, enjoying the warmth and reflective soaking in these areas.

After a while of sitting there in my soaked clothes, I started the shower and rinsed them out. As I got out around 7:40AM, I added it into the pile of used towels and put it all in the washing machine on nearly max settings. It is now 8:41AM, and I'm still waiting for the wash, hopefully not too much longer. But while I still have some time and I'm already on the forum, I might as well stay and spectate.

Now, the verdict. This was fun and I have no regrets. That is, unless the wash takes longer than expected and I have to cancel it at a bad time. But I think I'd still rather watch women wet, or even get wet on by them. When I move out or if I find an excuse to get my own hotel room with a wash or a plan to dispose of the clothing, maybe I'll do it again. I still feel a little weird for doing it and I hope my real identity is never linked to this account.

Notes: I couldn't figure out how to tag this post, sorry. Maybe the square brackets will automatically do it? Idk. Also, sorry if I went over too many useless details or overshared in some way.

