I have to make it happend

Author: Guest Blablapee

*000*2018-04-09 00:13

(I am very sorry for my bad english, I hope that you are going to understand )

19 years old (men) , in couple with a women (19 years to) since 5 month but know her since nearly 3 years. (you have to know that since the moment I saw her, I knew that I wanted to be with her but no time here to tell you everything, that's way too long and maybe boring )

There is a lot of kilometers between us but i manage to see her as much as I can.

I never told anyone about my fetish, that the first time that I write something about it

So first of all I have to tell you my fetish : I don't like to wet myself , I like to see girl who are desperate to pee or pee herself by accident. (I never saw a real accident or maybe during childhood at school but never since the moment that I realize that I enjoy this )

This girl with who I am is the kind of girl who often need to pee. So ofc I always expected an accident from her and I'm very excited when she told me thing like :

- I am going to pee myself / I will never hold it /I nearly pissed myself

As we live far away we are a lot of time in video call and when she need to use the toilet she bring the phone with her and I see her pee and I heard that she is peeing wich excite me to ( but I never show it). When I'm with her and she told me that she need to pee, I hug her a lot until the moment that she told me that she really need to use the bathroom.

She told me that when she is in the water (like in a bath or a shower) she don't mind to pee herself.

I recently told her that as usual I sleep absolutely nude but I'v never done it with her because even after Sex she use to dressed again.

So I told her that I would like that we sleep both completely nude, so she told me why she don't want:

When she was a kid (9 years old) she wet her bed and her mother to punish her, let her sleep on the floor (well her mom is bitc*).

So Since that moment the only few moment when she do not wear panties are the moments when she can peacefully piss ( toilet / bath / shower ( I dunno about swimming pool) ) .

So she is afraid that if she fall sleep without panties that she wet the bed. I told her that she is a big girl and that would not happend to her then she told me :

"You are not going to say that when i'm going to piss on your bed"

But she finnaly accepted.

In my House the toilet are far away of the room so I don't know if she will have the courage to go to the toilet.

But I don't wanna take risk and I want her to wet the bed if she do I will told her my fetish and I know that she want to please to me and I'm sure that she probably could like that.

I Need to know if you ever do this and if yes , what's the best way to make her pee in the bed.

I can give her coffee (she love starbucks) / do you know natural diuretic food ? / Do you think that my plan can work ?

