A Childhood Memory

Author: Guest Armaril

*000*2021-03-29 13:33

Though I have very few memories of actually witnessing people in desperate situations, I do have a few. Decided to share one.

When I was in elementary, probably 1st-2nd grade, I was in a dance class. We'd usually practice dances for events outside of school, like performing at disneyland and such. We'd go on long, long rides all the way to perform. I always kinda hated the long rides as a kid, thanks to my car sickness.

Bathroom breaks weren't something anyone really worried about during those long rides. We were all too busy joking and talking to eachother, watching movies on the bus' screen, or just sleeping through the whole ride. In short, we were distracted for most of the rides. Though, I do remember a memory that stuck with me for quite a while.

Me and my dance group were going on those long rides again. I remember playing a bunch of fun random games with my friend next to me and some other kids behind my seat to pass the time. That day we were very excited since our dance for the performance was a lot of fun. After a while, we were pretty close to our destination. My friends and I were still playing and having fun, until, in the midst of our game, noises not so far from us caught our attention.

I remember hearing a kid crying and a bunch of other kids trying to calm her down. She was saying something along the lines of, "Stop, stop! I can't hold it! It hurts a lot! Stop!" The rest was mostly unintelligible sobbing. I pushed my friend over to get a better look. The sobbing girl was bouncing up and down in her seat and holding her crotch. It was pretty obvious what was going on.

It got so loud that almost everyone in the bus was staring at the girl. Teachers had got up from their seats to help the girl and, besides the loud sobbing, the bus was dead silent. The teachers were saying things like, "It's okay, it's okay. We're almost there." Some of her friends were comforting her too, reassuring her and stuff.

We spent the remaining time of the ride watching the girl. I don't think anyone could have returned to what they were doing with the amount of stuff going on in the background. Since we were already very close, it didn't take that long for us to get to our destination, but I bet it felt like forever for that poor girl.

We were all starting to get up from our seats and walk out of the bus, until we heard the girl start sobbing even louder, screaming something along the lines of, "I can't get up! It hurts so much! I'm gonna pee myself if I get up!" She was hysterically crying to the point where I could literally hear the suffering in her voice.

Soon enough, she had got up from her seat with like 3 students and a teacher helping her. She was walking, doubling over in pain with her hands in between her thighs. Fortunately for her, by the time she had got up from her seat, most of us had already exited the bus, except me and some other kids, so she had a lot of space to walk. It would've sucked for her if we were all crowding the exit.

When we got in the building, she went straight to the nearest bathroom. When she came out, she was quietly crying, still a little doubled over. I assume her abdomen must of been so sore. I remember one of the teachers who hadn't been in the bus with us assume that she was crying because she was nervous. She was comforting and hugging the student telling her it was okay to be nervous. I don't think the student really told that woman what happened, I wouldn't have either.

So yeah, that's a little story I remember from my childhood. Thanks to my omorashi fetish, I remember this memory like it was yesterday. After the trip, It took me while to get it out of my head and focus on the dance.

