Holding Gone Wrong

Author: Guest Renlhefhtbazil

*000*2016-06-24 03:47

First time posting here!

This happened to me a couple of years ago, I had just gotten my first computer but it was a hand-me-down desktop, so I could only use it in my moms office (it had to be plugged into the wifi router) so I rarely got to use it other than weekends. I was barely learning about wetting and my interests in it, but I had never wet myself on purpose out of fear of being caught. Since it was a weekend, my mom was at work and wasn't using her office, so I had it to myself.

I started reading about holding challenges, so I decided to try one. My step dad was riding horses with my sisters and his daughter, so no one could bother me unless one of my three older brothers decided to, which was rare. Usually on Saturdays my mom didn't get home till around 8:00 PM, so I was safe.

I started the holding, and within an hour my desperation was at a 10. The challenge I was doing included putting pressure on your bladder by pushing it against a counter or table, relaxing your body completely with no holding, and jumping jacks all in between drinking water. I was almost done with the challenge, but my bladder was so full it started to hurt, so I ended up holding myself anyway.

Just as I was about to finish, I heard my moms car pull up. Now, there is a bathroom in the kitchen under the stairs, so if I had to, I could go in there. In my panic, though, I decided to shut down the computer and run upstairs. Halfway up, I had to stop and hold myself. A wave hit me as I did and I knew I was seconds away from completely peeing myself all over the stairs where my mom could see if she walked by. I had to get to the bathroom, and now. Peeing myself was not an option.

I got to the bathroom and to my horror, my brother was in there! I started leaking, putting pressure on my peehole till it hurt. I had to make it, I could not pee myself. I started to cry and shift my weight, bent over with my hand down my panties. My jeans were becoming damp between my thighs from the leaks. I was gonna lose it.

I decided that peeing myself in the hallway was not going to happen, someone would see it and know it was me. I was the youngest one there, I would be blamed. (My little sister was with my step dad) I ran to my room, crying, dancing, trying to make the leaking stop. I ran into my closet, hoping that if anyone walked in I could just say I was changing. I started to convince myself that I could make it, the bathroom would be open soon and I would be able to run for it. But then, it happened. The leaking stopped momentarily, only for a wave to hit me hard after. Pee shot out all over my fingers, the stream was unstoppable. My muscles gave way and the steam made a hissing sound as I forcefully peed against my jeans. I cried harder, my body was shaking and my pants grew dark. The puddle spread everywhere around my feet and out of the closet.

When the stream slowed to a stop, I quickly peeled my wet pants and panties off me. My underwear had gone translucent pink, and I left the wet clothes on my closet floor to soak up some of the puddle. When the coast was clear, I ran to the bathroom with my wet clothes, jumped in the shower, and rinsed off. No one knows about this till now. Enjoy!

