Stuck on a plane

Author: Guest VådeTrusser

*000*2019-08-05 05:10

So, this happened to me during a trip I took this summer. I was on vacation to Milan where I’d visit a friend who’s moved there. The journey there was no big deal. A two-and-a-half-hour flight followed by a half an hour cap ride. My stay there was lovely, Milan is a beautiful city, the weather was amazing, and it was great to see my good friend again.

It was however on my way home that the real events started happening and I found myself waiting at the gate for it to open so I could get on the plane. I’d had a small lunch at the airport including two glasses of chilled white wine and had a slight urge to pee. Now, I have quite a shy bladder especially when it comes to public restrooms and being on a time limit but with about 5 minutes to go before the gate opened, I decided to have a go at relieving myself before the flight. However, after a few minutes in the stall, desperately trying to pee, I decided to give up.

Getting on the plane was no problem and got a window seat right behind the wing. I would have preferred a seat at the aisle, so ide be able to use the toilet easily, but it was nice to have the view. The plane took off and we were soon on our way. I stilled had to pee a little but in addition to having a shy bladder, I’m also quite shy in general when it’s come to people I don’t know. So I decided to wait until I had to pee a bit more before having to excuse myself and get the two strangers between me and the aisle, to get up and to make sure that I’d actually be able to pee once I made it to the toilet.

I spend the following hour sipping of a chilled coke feeling my urge to pee slowly getting stronger. After another half hour, my bladder was fairly full, and I knew that I’d have to use the toilet sooner than later but watching the front of the plane I could see that the toilet was already occupied with three people queuing outside of it. I decided to wait until the que was cleared a bit but before I had the time to react the pilot started talking over the speakers announcing that the seatbelt sign were now turned on and that everyone would have to stay seated as we were coming up on some turbulence.

I’m not scared of flying but I don’t have much experience doing it and turbulence was making me a little nervous. As the planed started to jump up and down I realized that these sudden and rough movements wasn’t making thing any easier for my poor bladder. The rough turbulence stayed with us for far longer than I’d like and after half an hour of bounding up and down I had the pee really bad. I was staring to fear that I wouldn’t be able to make it and every time the plane jumped, I almost lost control of my bladder.

With 20 minutes left we were starting to decent and soon were out of the turbulence. However, as we were coming up for landing, the seatbelt sign stayed on and I realized that I’d have to hold myself until be reached to ground. I wasn’t exactly thrilled by the realization, but I didn’t have much choice in the matter and with one hand up my skirt, desperately holding my crotch, I took a deep breath and did my best not to draw to much attention to myself.

The landing was hard on my poor overfilled bladder and the hard bump and rough breaking almost made me lose control however with and firm grip on my crotch and deep controlling breathing, I managed to stay in control and keep my panties dry as we were taxying into our gate. Soon were where at a halt and I could see the front door open as the seatbelt sign finally turned off and all the other passengers were getting up to get their luggage. Unfortunately for me, my seat was place in the middle part of the plane when I realized that everyone else had to leave the plane before I could and realizing that this was going to take a while, I sat back down in my seat, terrified by the realization that I might not make it!..

After some very long minutes, it was finally my turn as I got up from my seat a made it to the front of the plane as fast as I possible could. Standing and walking didn’t make my life any easier, but I wasn’t long before I finally caught a glimpse for the much-needed toilet sign. Seeing the sign almost made me pee myself as she rushed towards the door marked with a female stick figure. Rushing into the toilet and into an empty stall and could feel my bladder staring to leak. With my crotch still leaking, I quickly locked to door, lifted my skirt and pulled down my panties. My panties had barely left my crotch before a steady stream of pee came rushing out as I slammed by butt onto the seat and enjoyed the sound of my pee splashing into the water below.

I couldn’t believe that I had actually made it, that after all that time desperately holding myself, I was finally free to let I go. It felt amazing and I peed for such a long time and while the leaking had caused a smaller wet spot on my panties, I was just happy that I was able to make the car ride home with “almost” dry panties.

