Desperate twice in a night

Author: Guest

*000*2023-03-05 17:20

After a surprisingly long stint of nothing pee related happening to my wife, the streak was broken yesterday.

The two of us went to a restaurant with a bar. It was particularly crowded that night since it was a Saturday. After a couple hours of eating and drinking, we decided to head home. I turned to leave when my wife pulled my arm. “WAIT! I really need to pee first!” She had her hand down in her crotch and was slightly bending over. I was surprised when she did this as did a really good job of hiding her urge. She already peed once so I assumed she didn’t need to go again, but when you combine her bladder with alcohol, I guess anything can happen.

The line for the ladies was long. Not too long, but long enough that once I saw her potty dancing after the line only moved forward a foot, I knew she might not make it. I waited and watch her bounce from foot to foot, crossing her legs and bending over every few seconds. She finally got into the actually bathroom and I lost fight of her. Ten minutes later she came out, with a huge wet area on her crotch and a little down her legs. She was very red faced as she quickly grabbed my hand and speed walked out the door. Obviously, I was incredibly turned on, and she knew I was going to tease her about it, so in the car, she told me what happened.

She said that her urge got worse as she got closer and closer to a stall. Hearing several ladies peeing and water in the sink running and toilets flushing certainly didn’t help her. When there were still 3 women in front of her, she leaked. Her leaks started small, but got larger and larger as she got closer. Finally, when got into a stall, she lost control just as she stepped inside. By the time she had locked the door and unbuckled her belt, her accident was very noticeable on her pants. She quickly finished peeing and immediately left the bathroom, not even washing her hands as she was so embarrassed, she didn’t want to spend another minute there.

The best part? She got desperate again on the ride home. I offered to pull over but she insisted that she could make it home. She could not and peed on the car seat. Thankfully, she was in good spirits about it.

