Near Wetting

Author: Girlwhowaited

*000*2017-09-05 02:57

Last Wednesday I went on break at work later than usual. I hadn't used the bathroom since before work and had a coffee and some soda since then, and it had been about 6 hours since I'd last used the bathroom, so I really needed to go. Usually I wait to pee until the end of my break, but I was close to a 9 and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it until then. During my break I had a soda, but since I'd already used the bathroom, I didn't bother going again. At that point, I had another 2 hours left of my shift, and when I got to about an hour left, I was starting to feel the need. I figured that I wouldn't worry about it until my shift ended because I knew I had some time to burn afterwards, but my need grew a lot quicker than I was anticipating, and by the time my shift was supposed to end, I was at an 8.

I ended up getting off work 15 minutes late though and I had an appointment in 30 minutes that was 30 minutes away, so I didn't give myself a chance to use the restroom before I left. That proved to be an almost fatal decision however. Within the first 10 minutes of the drive, my need had risen to a 9 and another 10 minutes later I was starting to leak. I knew that, as it was, I was barely going to make, but I also knew that once I got there that I wasn't going to be able to use the restroom until after my appointment because the office I was going to always ran on time and I was already running a few minutes late.

There was no way I was going to make it through my appointment. I had an empty cup in my car though and I had the idea that I could just pee in that before going in. With that thought in mind, I became more desperate than ever. By the time I made it there I didn't even think I could stand. So I parked in the back lot where no one ever parks so that I could have a little more privacy, slid my seat back so that I could squat in the space between it and the steering wheel, ripped my pants down, and let loose in the cup. I managed to pull it off with only a little leakage, and afterwards I pretended to water a bush and threw the cup away. The whole experience was surprisingly arousing and I intend to play more with peeing in cups in the future.

