Another car pee

Author: Guest savcatz

*000*2021-02-10 06:43

With COVID-19 restrictions easing back up, I was able to reunite with my friends again and we spent the night playing drinking games. I only had one drink, as I was driving and it was snowing pretty heavily. The way my friends house is set up, the bathroom is right off the main room we sit in, and everybody can hear everything. So I tend to get pretty pee shy when I’m at her house. Around 12am we said our goodbyes, and I drove my one friend home. Since it was snowing, the roads were pretty bad and I opted for taking the longer way to her house as to avoid the highway. I dropped her off and started my way home. Usually this drive only takes about 15 minutes, but that night it took me half an hour. I had to pee when I left my friends house at 12am, but because of the toilet situation I figured I could hold until I got home. I just was not expecting the roads to be that bad.

After I dropped my friend off, I realized just how badly I had to pee. Not even five minutes after I left and I was already panting and whimpering in pain. I was gripping the steering wheel so tightly and was having such a hard time focusing on the road. Lack of judgement, I took the quicker way home with the highway because of my need to pee, but I ended up doing 60km/h because of how bad the roads were. At this point I knew I wasn’t going to make it home dry. I decided to get off the highway and take the back roads home. I figured if I started peeing in my car I would be able to stop the car and finish outside without anybody seeing me. My first leak was at a red light. Curse those things. I didn’t even realize I was peeing.

I put my hand on my crotch to hold myself while I had a free hand and realized I was leaking. I was frantic but I was determined to make it home. The rest of the drive home was filled with many many spurts. As I pulled into the driveway and put my car in park, my bladder started to relax involuntarily. I quickly grabbed my belongings and ran inside the house, pee streaming down my leggings. I ran down to my room, so nobody would see my wet pants. I grabbed a towel from my shower earlier, shoved in under me as quickly as possible and fell to the floor as pee started pouring out of me. It felt absolutely amazing just sitting in my puddle as I relieved myself. Afterwards I began grinding into the towel until I reached climax. I stripped down to my very wet pink cotton undies, and climbed into bed. It felt amazing sleeping in my wet panties.

