Probably the closest call of my life...

Author: Guest Lord Reek

*000*2019-12-16 22:39

Hey all,

So this is a story that happened to me in my first year of uni, but the more I think about it, I feel it does have a place in this part of the forum. I'm not the best writer (apologies, my degree has siphoned the wordiness out of me), but hopefully some of you will get a kick out of the story and appreciate it.

So it all started when I was gonna head home for the holidays in my first year of uni, and given that there are no flights home from where I was studying, I had to get an hour long train to the nearest airport in order to fly home. Given that the flight was scheduled for about mid-day and I'm one of those people obsessed with not being late, I got an early train (leaving around 8 or 8.30 a.m.). In order to try and force myself to liven up a bit for the long day ahead, I went to the station cafe before hopping on my airport bound train, and bought myself the largest latte possible. Boy, did I very nearly regret this later.

I got through the train ride relatively fine, with no particular urges to go pee at any point as I figured there'd be plenty of opportunities once I got to the airport. It's also worth pointing out that I'm one of those people who never goes anywhere without a water bottle because doing national service back at home, I learned first hand how much of a bitch it is to try and get through long spells with no water. So I sipped away on my Evian during the ride as well.

Anyway, I got to the airport, and started feeling my bladder give me the usual early warnings. Having automatically checked in and not having any large bags to drop, I figured I would just waltz through security and find a loo on the other side. As is the usual situation at any big UK airport around the holidays, the place was bloody rammed. So I just said to myself "This is your own fault, so just hang tight and you can pee once you get through here." I still was probably only a 4-5 on the desperation scale, so this was child's play.

After waiting about 15-20 minutes, I made it through (having to tighten my belt after taking it off to get through the metal detector was slightly unpleasant), and I made a bee-line through those seemingly endless fucking perfume shops that adorn any Duty Free area in modern airports, to try and find a men's room. But just as I made it out of there, I suddenly bumped into an old friend who was also flying home. For the sake of this story we can call her "Polly".

Naturally we hugged as we hadn't seen each other in 2 or 3 years, and wondered what we were both doing in the same airport, though we were obviously on the same flight home. At this point my need was arguably worse than at the start of security, but the distraction of seeing an old friend took my mind off it slightly. In any case we sat at one of the cafes and just chatted away and pretty much caught up there and then, and my subconscious seemed to say "Just go to the bathroom when you get to the gate. Be reet." I was stupidly somewhat embarrassed to admit to a cute girl, albeit a friend, that I was pretty desperate for a wee and just didn't excuse myself at any point.

When they called out our gate, I was pretty damn happy because it was probably a 7 on the desp. scale at this point. So me and Polly walked there together. Of course, with my luck, it was one of those gates that didn't have any loos, and there was also no way out once you were in there (people crowded the stairs in a disorderly 'queue', basically blocking the way we came in). I noticed a disabled loo, which I would never normally use, so I went up to the girl wearing an EasyJet uniform who was stood at the "podium" where they check boarding passes and asked her if I could use it (as it was behind her), to which she inexplicably said no. Polly gave me a weird look as I uncomfortably trudged back and asked "What was that about?"

"Fucking hell Pol, I am utterly bursting for a piss!" I said to her. She kinda gave a smirk and giggled, saying "Hah! You're not that bad surely? Like not piss-your-pants bad?".

"Fraid so..."I replied. Rather than be concerned or sympathetic and just giggled again, and to my horror pulled her water bottle out of her back pack and started shaking , and then drinking it in a way that she knew would make my situation worse. During that 20 minute wait at the gate, she pushed my level up to a 9, so fair play to her really...

In any case, we boarded the plane, and me being me and seeing the seat-belt sign on and the toilet light being red, I wrongly assumed I wasn't allowed to go until we were up in the air (Yes I can be dumb. I only found out recently that this isn't the case). I sat in my aisle seat next to an lady who must have been in her early 60s, and at this point things were bad. I was fidgeting as subtly as possible waiting for us to take off but I definitely started sweating as I hadn't been this desperate in years. I was just praying it wouldn't be too long before we took off. I began closing my eyes and breathing pretty heavily.

Just when I thought that I'd lost the battle and I was gonna piss myself on a plane at the age of 21, the plane started moving. "THANK GOD!" I muttered under my breath, while the lady next to me looked at me with a confused expression. "HANG ON, YOU CAN ALMOST GO!" I thought, as we took off.

The second the seat belt sign went off, I sprinted to the front of the plane, unlocked the bathroom door, and the relief was borderline orgasmic. I had made it safely, by a margin of about 10 seconds. I must have released my stream that lasted at least 70 seconds (I'm probably exaggerating but it sure as hell felt like it!). I flushed, washed my hands, then strolled back to my seat.

"Nervous flyer?" I heard the old lady next to me ask.

"Huh?" I replied.

"Oh not to be rude or anything, but you were acting really scared and breathing really weirdly and loudly before takeoff...I assumed you may not like flying?" she said.

"Oh...uh..something like that, I guess.." I said, not wanting to admit anything. Funny how a few seconds may have changed what she was thinking...

I used the bathroom multiple times on that flight (fuck you, coffee!), but no incidents came close to that early near-miss. Looking back, if I hadn't booked an aisle seat, this would have been an accident story as opposed to a close call.

Hope you enjoyed this

