Desperate on the plane

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-11 21:40

A couple of months ago, I found myself in a rather awkward predicament on the plane back to Scotland after a short holiday on one of the Canary islands. It was a four hour flight during which I’d had a meal which included a carton of orange juice and a large cup of tea. I’d also drunk about half of the bottle of water I’d bought at the airport to keep myself hydrated. 

The airline still had some covid restrictions in force and one of them was that we weren’t allowed to stand in the aisle to queue for the toilet - which meant that people were looking anxiously at the ‘engaged’ signs at each end off the aisle (my seat was roughly in the middle of the plane) and hopping out of their seat as soon as one of the lights turned from red to green to indicate that one of the toilets was free. I admit I was wondering how many of my fellow passengers were having to ‘hold on’ longer than usual and if I’d catch sight of any of them obviously getting pretty desperate. One of my big turn-ons is seeing a woman in that ’state’ - especially if she can’t stand still and even more so if she has to press one of her hands surreptitiously into her crotch.

After a while, all the fluids I’d drunk started to have their effect and I thought I’d better try to go to the loo again as I didn’t want to have a real ‘accident’ (I’ve had some ‘planned’ ones - but this was a different situation). Luckily, I managed to get a turn in one of toilets about half way through the journey, but after that I thought I’d be fine until we landed. So I got myself another cup of the tea from the trolley which passed through the plane about an hour before we were going to land and also finished off the bottle of water.

But with about 30 minutes to go, I started to feel the urge to pee starting to build again and I began to wonder if I’d be able to hang on long enough after all. Unfortunately, it seems that many of my fellow passengers were having the same thought (or feelings) as no sooner had a light changed from red to green than it went back to red again as another ‘customer’ sought much needed relief.

Things were starting to get really urgent for me and I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be able to wait until we landed, so (as I didn’t want to leak a bit into my pants and risk making the seat beneath me damp) I decided to take my chance and make my way towards the nearest toilet in the hope that it would be free by the time I got there. I was in the centre seat in a row of three and in order to get into the aisle I’d have to ask the person on my left (a woman who I estimated to be in her mid thirties) to stand up to let me past.

Now, I’ve always felt embarrassed at letting anyone know when I need to pee but of course in this situation there was no alternative - she’d know at once why I was asking her to move out and perhaps she’d even guess how urgently I needed to ‘go’. Little did she know how really urgent it was! But I couldn’t let my embarrassment stop me or I might end up wetting myself so I turned to her and whispered ‘Excuse me, but I wonder if you could let me come past?’

But at that very moment the seat belt sign was switched on and the captain’s voice came over the speakers telling us all that there was a bit of turbulence ahead so we needed to stay in our seats and put our seat belts on.

Now I was in real trouble! I was blushing, because now the woman knew I needed to go to the toilet - and I really, really did!

To be continued (if any of you would like that of course!)

