Omobucket List! First Rapid Desperation in Public!

Author: Guest DarthBane93

*000*2019-11-09 03:49

OMG that was orgasmic. I've never burst like that. I legit reached a point where I couldn't hold it and was just wetting uncontrollably! Too large to upload here but I'll post some screenshots, posting the VK link for your enjoyment

%https://vk.com/id335842433?w=wall335842433_167%2Fall

Story time.

First thing, Think anyone could tell I was wearing a diaper? My friend didn't seem to notice. Wore a long shirt and made sure not to bend lol. But I was soooo paranoid of the crinkle!

So yesterday I wet the bed legitmatly which is like a needle in a haystack for me, I tried the https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxfWFpIvXlE - video and it actually worked (third time not the first two). Sadly I woke up right at the end of stream or not long after because I was still warm, I was soooo turned on, had some fun But wish I could sleep through it since its hard to sleep in clammy sheets once the warm bliss goes away.

Shout out to @nerdy princess gave me the idea (and thanks a billion for the encouragement and motivation to keep holding) for rapid desperation with her own tantalizing story from Sunday night. I love the idea of no control, it's one of my biggest triggers with this fetish, probably why I like bedwettings so much. But I usually just watch and have only done a regular hold once. I hate it because it can take me 8-12 hrs due/to mental roadblock even while well hydrated lol.

I was skeptical about rapid desperation actually working but the method I used was at 4:20 (best time and date ;)) I started drinking 17 oz of water every 15 min like clockwork until 7:30 to leave for Zombieland at 7:45. I wore a diaper to pee every time I felt the slightest urge, even made a Walgreens run where I was scared I might leak because it started turning into actual wettings lol. It got even trickier when my friend Jon came over to join for the movie and knows nothing about this fetish. Thankfully he distracted himself with the new COD lol. Come 7:30 I pee one last time, chug a bai water, and put on a new diaper (the old was nearing capacity.)

Skeptical I'd actually need to burst within 2ish hrs, yet when I got in the car I felt around a 3 instantly, and I'd just emptied my bladder. To quote Star Wars that was the I got a bad feeling about this moment... Finally to our seats, no drinks for me I'm already a bloated water balloon, I feel enough pressure that if it was normal I would have peed. 30 min into the movie I'm positively squirmy, yet I was with my friend and it was a sold out night (surprised me) I couldn't be super desperate, and I couldn't risk a leak even with black jeans. Nerdy Princess kept motivating me and refusing me leaks. By the last 30 minutes I really couldn't focus on the movie, a couple of times I even accidentally grabbed my diapered crotch and let go fast before someone noticed.

By the last 15 min I leaked and had to force a clamp down. Finally the movie ends and fuck the post credit scene I had to make it home, standing up I felt such an enormous pressure I was sure I might wet myself, I had to pause and compose myself. My friend of course went to the bathroom like a muggle and I went to the car so I wouldn't be pee dancing in public. He was my ride so I made an excuse that I had to be up early so he could just drop me off because fuck I had to pee and couldn't hold a convo! I wanted to get back in blue boxers and grey trackpants for the video. Turns out he left his keys in my room so fuckkkk I had to wait some more.

After goodbyes where he could probably tell I was frantic, he's walking down the stairs and I start leaking uncontrollably!! I'm like shit no I wanted a video!! I bend and squirm and grab my crotch and sit and do everything and finally stop peeing, but if id been in clothes that by itself probably would have looked like a wetting to most lol. I barely manage to press play on my laptop as I'm pulling up my boxers and sadly am not able to manage much teasing, squirming, and dancing for the viewer but fuckkk that release!! That warm golden bliss. I'd never peed so much lol. I had some me time and felt like this was worthy of an in depth write up. Put my degrees to use lol. Let me know what you guys think! I'm leaning to hold again, I honestly feel the urge already lol. Man what a rush to knock off a bucket list!

@PrincessPeeach

, @rachelkirwan

I know you'll love this first of mine :)

I think what I like most about this fetish is it more than anything has helped me fall in love with my body thanks to you guys encouragement. I feel sexy, and not like the 300 lb person I used to be. Thanks for that. Hopefully I find my omosoulmate one day!

#HopelessRomantic #RapidDeseperation #Wetting #Public #diaper $$

$$

$$

$$

