First accident as an adult

Author: goodboy_puddle

*000*2017-12-20 23:38

[From earlier this year, also I still haven't found out how to tag stuff...]

Due to me doing a lot of unintentional holding lately I actually wet my pants for the first time since I was maybe 6 or 7 years old yesterday. It was pretty stupid tbh and I felt ashamed afterwards, but it could have been worse.

I only went to the bathroom twice yesterday, once in the morning and once after lunch when I had my break at work at 12 pm. I then usually go to the bathroom when I get home but this time I didn’t, I went straight home to my partner instead. We had dinner together and that’s really the only the thing we had time for as we both had to be places at 6 pm. So now I hadn’t gone to the bathroom for at least 6 hours, and instead of going to the bathroom when I arrived at my destination I got a cup of hot chocolate and spoke with my friends. We were going to see a 1hr 20min play witth no break but I was sure I could wait until afterwards. I only fidgeted a bit during the play but my need didn’t really bother me. The only thing was that after the play there was a 20 min Q&A with the lead actress that me and my friends had decided to attend. I decided I could wait a bit more and go when it was done.

But when the Q&A was over I got a text from my partner saying they wanted me to come over to their thing as soon as I was done. So I thought I could go there and go to the bathroom there instead. It was only a 5 min walk from the theatre but when I got there the outer door was locked. It was now almost 9 pm and I realised I was super desperate. I started crossing my legs and discretly hold myself whilst I texted my partner asking for the code to get in. Unfortunately my desperation rose faster than they could reply and I looked around me in panic, hoping no one could see me grabbing my crotch. My partner then said they’d come down to open for me and tried to hold myself until they came to the door. I suddenly felt a small leak in my boxers and this was the beginning of the end.

I grasped at my crotch and tried crossing my legs even more but it was too late, another leak escaped, wetting my crotch and I desperately clenched my muscles to no avail. I could feel the damm bursting and pee started running down my legs, soaking my jeans. I panicked and thought maybe I could move somewhere more hidden but when I looked down there was already a puddle beneath me and I was too afraid of making it bigger by moving. I had no choice but to stand there pissing my pants as an adult in the middle of town.

Thankfully it was dark outside and I had black jeans and when my partner finally came to open the door I hope they didn’t see anything. I quickly said I wanted to go home instead and they agreed but had to run up and grab their stuff first. Whilst waiting for them I could faintly smell urine, hoping it was only obvious to me. Some other people went past and stepped in my puddle outside the door, not taking any notice and I hoped it just looked like someone had spilled water or something. My partner came back and we started walking home, my jeans were now wet and cold and clinging to my skin and I felt really uncomfortable. As soon as we got home I rushed to grab a pajama and a clean towel and I said i was gonna shower. I honestly hope they didn’t see that my jeans were wet, I threw them in the laundry straight away and then got into the shower.

It was honestly pretty humiliating but now afterwards whilst writing it down it feels quite hot. So I hope you guys enjoy it.

