I wet myself at the pool...

Author: Guest Rima31

*000*2022-10-30 00:13

This story happened early July this year, right after finishing my first year in university. My friends and I wanted to celebrate the start of the summer season and the end of the school year so we gathered as many as we could and went to the pool. We discussed about going to the beach at first, but some of us didn't have enough money or weren't allowed to go in the first place so in the end we chose the pool. At first there were like 10 or so people that were supposed to come, but in the end many of them gave up on the last second, saying that they have other stuff to do or that they were going somewhere else ( I guess no matter how old you are this stuff keeps happening ), so the only ones still coming were Emma ( my best fried), Julie, Julie's boyfriend, Zack, Jake and me... but hey, we were still 5 people, we could have fun.

The only one who knew about my peeing problem was Emma so, usually, I would be quite on edge about spending time with people I wasn't to familiar with (especially Jake, which I had a crush on...) because I would have to use the bathroom a lot and often get quite a lot of stares and gossip from others. Lucky for me the pool was my safe space. It was one of the few places I could truly relax, after all I could pee as much as I wanted without anybody finding out. So with that in mind I was quite looking forward to having fun the next day and more than that, to talk to Jake.

At 8 AM we were all already at the pool. I changed into my swimsuit (a white bikini with a black lace edge and black ribbons ). It was quite a cute swimsuit, and I wanted Jake to like me so I did my best on the make-up and hair style too.

While changing I felt the need to pee so knowing that I will probably keep doing it a lot in the pool later I excused myself and left first to go to the bathroom. (after all no one is going to look weird at me if I only go once right?...) There was quite a big queue in front of the ladies' bathroom and knowing my bladder I instantly realized I couldn't hold it for that much time, so, without looking back I walked (more like sprinted) towards the pool as fast as I could . The boys were waiting around some deck chairs with our stuff, but I already started leaking a few drops, so there was no way I would let Jake see me like that. Trying to be as less suspicious as possible I greeted and walked past them as quick as I could while repeating to myself in a somewhat loud voice "It is so hot I really need to cool down!" and immediately jumped straight into the pool.

It felt so good to be finally able to release all of it ( the best thing about my pee is that it doesn't have any color most of the time, so except for the fact that the water around me was probably a little warmer than elsewhere there was no way to find out about it). After finishing I waited a few minutes, started swimming around the pool a couple of time to not be suspicious, got out and went back to the boys.

Me: The water feels so good. It really cooled me down!

Zack: Lol, you literally couldn't wait.

Me: Yeah, it is too hot today.

Jake: Right? I wanted to do the same, but this guy here said that we should wait for the girls.

Me: Lol, yeah , you probably should.

We started chit chatting. I was going a lot smother than I've imagined.

After a few minutes Emma and July came from the lockers.

Julie: Why are you already wet, lol ?

Me: It was to hot, I had to cool down a little, lol.

Julie: Yep, you are right about that, it's so hot...

Emma: So what are we waiting for? Lets go!

Everybody: Yeah, lets go!

*Emma pats me on the back *

Emma: Hey you guys can go first , I have something to talk with Rima and after that we'll come too.

Julie: Alright! try not to take long.

Emma: Sure thing.

Me: What is it?

Emma: Don't "what is it" me! You know what's up. You went in the pool to pee, didn't you?

Me: Well, yeah...

Emma: Didn't you say that you'll use the bathroom ?

Me: Yeah, but there was such a huge queue in front of it I gave up. No way I could hold it for so long...

Emma: *sigh* Hey, just be careful ok? You don't want others to find out about your problem now, do you? Especially Jake, right?

Me: It's ok, I'm 110% sure that they did not suspect a thing lol, and anyway I'll still have to pee again later so it can't be avoided...

Emma: *sigh* What am I going to do with you ?

Me: You know you love me , lol!

We both entered the pool and started fooling around. I started talking quite a bit with Jake and it seemed like we had great chemistry. After a while we ( the girls ) were ready to get out of the pool and go sunbathing. Before getting out I pretended I was going to swim another round before getting out so I could pee one more time. I started swimming along the edge, and went slowly towards a corner of the pool where there weren't many people around. Once I got there I relaxed and started emptying my bladder when suddenly I heard a 'Hey!' , followed by a tap on my back.

I froze up thinking somebody found out what I was doing. I slowly turned around.

Jake: Hey! I finally caught up to you. You are quite fast!

Me: Thank you... I was in the swimming club in middle and high school.

Jake: Oh, so that's why! I guess it makes sense why I thought your swimming form was pretty today.

Me: Oh, come on, stop making fun of me! You're making me blush, lol!

Jake: I am not making fun of you, I was serious about that.

Inner monolog: Oh no! What is happening?! I can't believe I'm casually having a chat with my crush in the pool while peeing myself. Dang it, I can't stop the stream. Please don't find out!

I tried to release it as slow and as little as I could so he wouldn't be able notice. Luckily I have a lot of experience peeing in the pool, so he didn't suspect a thing and after finishing our conversation I went straight to the deck chairs ready to enjoy my sunbathing session, not before telling Emma and laughing about what happened.

* A little information about me before I continue the story*

- I have a condition that makes me pee very frequently (like every 40-50 minutes when I don't drink , and every 10 or so minutes when I drink a lot of water)

- I can't hold it for more than a few minutes when I get the urge and even then most of the time I dribble a little so, growing up, I would almost always end up peeing outdoors, which developed into a habit and fetish

- At night I usually pee a bit less, but growing up I still had to wake up a couple of times per night to go to the bathroom, which was very annoying and affected my sleep greatly, so from elementary school I started wearing pull-ups to sleep

- At first I kept waking up when I had to go, but after a few months of consciously peeing in them at night I started to wake up less and less until I just didn't wake up anymore, which helped me sleep a lot better, but also came with one big disadvantage : I would almost always pee myself while sleeping...

You probably wonder what does that have to do with anything...

Well, it has, because, while sunbathing, I fell asleep... (yep, and for no more than half an hour)

I don't remember what I was dreaming and I was sure I emptied my bladder before getting out of the pool, but I guess it didn't matter, because I remember being abruptly awaken from it by Emma. Opening my eyes, I could see everybody's faces as they were looking at weirdly.

Me: What? What happened? * I asked still drowsy*

Emma: Rima, don't panic, ok? You are peeing yourself! *she whispered to me*

I suddenly was wide awake. She was right. I looked down to see the towel I was sitting on, wet around my butt, pee still leaking from my private place. I looked up and Jake was standing right in front of me with a somehow disgusted look on his face. I panicked and tried to stop the stream, but at this point this point the damage was already done. I started crying. I knew everything was over and it didn't even start...

People around started looking at us and I'm sure some of them knew what happened. I even heard someone saying "Hey look, that girl peed herself!" out loud.

After cleaning myself up and then the chair I was sitting on with Emma's help I explained everybody about my condition, we packed our things, changed and left the pool. Everybody said it was cool and not to worry about it, but I knew that at least Jake was disgusted by it (we never talked again after that).

On the way back Emma and I broke from the rest of the group and went our way.

I was so sad, embarrassed and couldn't stop crying.

Emma: Hey, it's ok! Pay it no mind, everybody was cool about it.

Me: I know they said that but I looked at Jake's face and I know he hates me now...

Emma: Hey, it ok, that just means he wasn't the one.

Me: I know but still..

We kept walking a little and I was finally about to calm down when the urge suddenly came back. I suddenly remembered I didn't finish peeing last time. A few drops started leaking out...

Me: Omg I can't do this anymore! *I start holding my crotch while sobbing*

Emma: What is it?

Me: I need to freaking pee again! I hate this! Why do I have such a stupidly tiny bladder? Why can't I have fun like normal people, without constantly needing to pee ? I hate my body! * I shouted in frustration*

Emma: That's ok, stop beating yourself about it. You know it's not your fault. You can't do anything about it. The truly important people will accept you for who you are, no matter the defects you have, and just so you know I will always be on your side! Come on. stop crying and lets go in that bush over there. I didn't tell you before, but I also could use a quick pee right now too.

Me: *still holding my crotch trying not to leak and sobbing* Ok, lets go.

We both got behind the bush back to back, took our shorts down and start peeing. After Emma finished I still had to go for a little longer. Spurts kept coming and stopping for a couple of minutes as I pressed on my bladder to empty it faster.

Emma: Ah, I'm done, I'll wait until you finish too.

Me: Ok, just a little more.

Emma: Sure, take your time. Anyway, I don't think you have any tissues or something to wipe on you, right?

Me: Nope, you know I don't wipe after peeing (ok, some might think it's gross, but my pee is very diluted and doesn't smell so I usually shake my butt a little after finishing and I'm good to go, plus I take a bath every day so I think I am quite clean and the best part is that I can save quite a bit of money from toilet paper)

Emma: Ugh.. I knew it. Well I wanted to wash this panties anyway , so it's fine...

After I finally finished peeing I shook by butt, pulled up my shorts and we both went straight home. I remember I kept apologizing and thanking her all the way back, just so that she would smile back and tell me I don't need to. I know that she has my back any time. I am so lucky to have her as a friend , that's what I thought in that moment and still think until now.

