A bit too much coffee

Author: Guest

*000*2022-10-15 23:58

It’s been getting chillier lately, which means I’ve been drinking more hot fluids throughout the day. So has my wife. Only thing is I can fair well drinking lots of fluids, she can’t. She had quite a bit of hot morning coffee before throwing on a sweater and doing some morning errands. So did I, but I can hold it from breakfast to lunchtime usually. That’s what I did, and when I came home on my lunch break, I immediately went to the bathroom. I wasn’t desperate by any means, but the urge was definitely there.

As soon as I entered the bathroom, I got the notification on my phone from our video doorbell notifying me that someone was home. I figured it was my wife and left the door open, because we like to do that when no one’s home. I had started peeing in the only toilet in our house when I heard her come in. I heard some very quick footsteps heading my way and her saving, “cmon cmon cmon cmon!”

She saw me peeing and said “NOOOO PLEASE HURRY!” She was potty dancing furiously and blushed super hard, as her bladder was once again at my mercy. I laughed and continued peeing. She was trying to undo her belt in advance, but struggled because she had to grip her crotch tightly every few seconds. When she saw me doing the “final shakes” she sprinted over, practically pushed me aside, undid her belt, unbuttoned her pants, unzipped, and practically ripped her jeans, leggings, and panties down, all before I could even put my dick pack into my pants. She breathed a huge sigh of relief once her powerful stream began.

”You don’t know how long I’ve been needing this.”

As I buckled back up, I said, “too much coffee?”

She nodded. “And too much hot cocoa.”

I noticed her eyes were a bit watery so I asked her if she was ok.

“Yea, it’s just that the ride home was a little…intense.”

I smiled because I was picturing her struggling with all her force driving home, a sight that I’ve seen many times before, and my dick went hard.

She inspected her pants and said “can you give me another pair of panties? These ones are soaked.” As if my dick wasn’t hard enough, that request put the icing on the cake.

I got her panties and watched her change, and when she finished she said “wanna get some coffee?” I swear, she’s like a character straight out of an omo fic.

