Desperation a few years ago

Author: gymsweatr

*000*2019-01-04 05:03

Over the past few days, I have going through some older flash drives in one of my desk drawers at home. Kind of a new year's thing to do. Most of them are pics of me wetting, I probably have about 8 years worth. Some of them I have posted on other sites throughout the years. Although I did come across a few that are much older, but someone else took the pictures of me and gave me copies, so I don't believe I own the copyright, even though I am the only one in them. i have seen these older pics floating around the internet, which gives me a weird, but strangely proud " hey that is me" feeling.

So, I thought I would post a few of the ones I dug out, and if I can recall, write a little description of what I was doing at the time I got desperate enough to piss myself and had the opportunity to take pictures.

Here is the first two. In these, I am really desperate for a piss, but hadn't wet my pants – yet. I recall spending the afternoon window shopping and getting coffee with friends. I was wearing rather tight jeans and one of my favorite sweaters. And, like what is written on the shirt, I was feeling like being a little nasty as well. So, instead of hitting the toilet before I left to go home, I decided to hold it and enjoy the pressure. By the time I made it home, my bladder was hurting, and my eyes were moist from watering. I hadn't leaked any, but I was certain if I put any more pressure on my mid-section, I would involuntarily let some liquid out. My camera was in the car, and I grabbed it on my way to the back gate. Once inside the yard, I set up the camera to take some pics of me wetting my pants. I was sure this was going to be a flood.

$$

$$

