Shy bladder completely desperate

Author: Guest Pancakes

*000*2021-05-25 18:32

Starting my day drinking my regular coffee before heading to work. I started a new job at an office working data entry at a desk all day. Plenty of time to sit and stay hydrated for 8 whole hours. The days are long and boring so I sip my favorite tea to pass the time. I'm staring to feel pretty desperate but I'm not entirely sure where the closest bathroom is. I know there is one in the cafeteria but I'm scared I'll get in trouble going down there when it's not lunch time. It's fine, I can hold it until after work. Only a few more hours.

By the end of the work day I'm bouncing in my office chair doing everything not to hold myself. I don't want my new coworkers to see me in such a state. I'll just go to the bathroom downstairs before I leave. I quickly logoff of my computer, crossing my legs so tight they feel numb. I walk out into the hall and press the elivator down button. It seems like it takes forever for it to open when it reality it was only a few second. Finally I think and jump into it. I sigh a bit as the doors close knowing I can press my fingers into my vagina. Nope, a hand grabs the door making them open back up.

"Sorry!" A man says as he walks in "I'm doing down too." I smile and chuckle and clench my urethra shut. The ride down was agonizing. Please God I just need to pee, I cannot pee my pants at my new job! The door open on the ground floor and I scurry towards the bathroom. It was a small 2 stall bathroom with one sink. Thw worst sight I could see...a line. Everyone was getting off work and everyone was going pee before leaving. I hop in line, only 3 people ahead of me. My bladder is throbbing and I can't bite my lip any harder. I keep shifting my weight side to side. One person ahead of me now. The line behind me has grown too. At least 5 people waiting now. The person infront of me goes into an open stall. I'm so jealous. I want that relief SO bad.

I hear her unbuckling her belt and then a gush of pee splash into the toilet. I feel my vagina burning with pain of holding in my pee. I wanted to be the one making the gushing noise. "Please fucking hurry" I think to myself forcing my eyes shut as tightly as they go. 

Finally an open stall. I walk in as inconspicuous as possible. I struggle to undo my belt and drop my pants. I slam my butt on the toilet and....nothing. fuck. I can't pee. I'm too bladder shy. "Come on. Come on." I close my eyes and try to pretend I'm at home. But the shuffle of people's feet and noise of people urinating is ruining that fantasy. "Please I have to pee. Please." 

I open my eyes and see people waiting in line through the crack in my stall. "Fuck. They are waiting and probably desperate too. I can't stay in here forever." I take a few deep breaths and really focus. A few hot dribbles of pee drip out of me and splash into the toilet. It's not enough. It doesn't even relieve the pressure. 

Someone knocks "you almost done? I really have to go" the voice says. I gasp "yeah" I say and pull my pants over my aching bladder and quivering vagina. I leave the bathroom and head to the car. "What the hell was that" I ask myself. I need to pee, why couldn't I pee. I can't make it home like this. I just can't. I make it to my car and fiddle with my keys "fuck" I cram my hand into my crotch and unlock the car door. Sitting down takes a little pressure off my bladder. I unbotton my pants and sigh. "I have got to get home." 

I start my car and head for home. Every stop light is a challenge. All the water and tea and coffee I drank from the day is slowly filling my already dying bladder. I feel my bladder stretching out to somehow make room for more pee. My urethra is in searing pain from holding it shut. A little dribble escapes. "Oh god" with one hand on the steering wheel I slip the other into my underwear. I slide my two fingers between my vagina lips that are wet with pee. I press them into my urethra to try and hold back the flow. "I can't! I need to pee" I pull my car over to a wooded area and run behind a bush. I yank and pants to my.ankles and squat down. The pressure my thighs is painful.

I squat there for a few second...nothing. tears well up in my eyes. I focus all my energy on my aching abdomen. Finally a hot spurt of pee shoots out of me. Before I can sigh any relief it stops. "What no!" I focus again and get out a small trickle. "I'm wasting my time. I need MY bathroom." I get back into my car and finish my agonizing drive home. I run up to my door and jam the key in. The sight of home must have helped, I'm clenching my vagina and feel a small hot trickle slowly sliding down my leg. I swing the door open and run to the bathroom. I cross my legs infront of the toilet and unzip my pants. Before they are even fully pulled off my butt my urethra gives out. A bit torrent of pee is gushing into my pulled down pants. I sit on the toilet and lean back, listening to the sweet sound of splashing urine.

