Saw an incredibly desperate girl the other day (+a wetting)

Author: Guest

*000*2019-08-25 18:42

I got to witness a really desperate girl the other day. I was heading home on the light rail, I forget from what, and the weather was really rainy here in my relatively small Norwegian hometown.

Incredibly enough, this was right after I saw a slightly chubby blonde girl in jeans and a white raincoat, who had gotten off the light rail with some friends and had a wheeled suitcase with her. She was sort of moving her legs back and forth, and I swear I wondered if her pants weren't glistening. She also blushed very strongly.

Either way, I was making my way ouf of the bus station mall when I heard a girl exclaim "I'm about to flood myself!" ("jeg holder på å tisse meg ut!"). At first I thought the speaker was one of two girls who were standing at the edge of the book store, but neither looked very uncomfortable. I continued towards the exit when I heard and saw a girl who sounded pretty upset.

She was in her teens, with a very dark, almost black jeans and a big yellow raincoat, and she had blonde hair and a slightly chubby face. She was standing near a cash point (ATM) by a stairwell at the corner of two corridors, talking to a guy her own age sitting at the foot of the stairs. I don't remember what she said exactly, but it was obvious she really needed to pee.

She stood at the cash point, fidgeting with her legs a little, and eventually made a sound of frustration as she yanked the card out. She seemed really stressed, almost angry, and asked him "don't you have any money? Not even one crown?". Again, I don't remember word for word what went down and I didn't hear what the guy said, but eventually she exclaimed "Pee outside?!" and something like "I'm peeing in my pants in five minutes!" as she went out the door alone.

The doors led to a kind of "balcony" overlooking a small kind of square, with the library at the other end, and I seem to recall her pausing here for a second, weighing her options. Controversially, a lot of the public bathrooms at malls and the library, etc. require you to pay a token sum with your card, which is obviously a problem if you're broke. She went down the ramp down to the square and headed first towards the library before quickly realising it was closed, the windows dark. She headed to the right towards the corner of the library, and turned around looking down the square, mouth open, obviously really desperate and thinking fast. She continued onwards around the corner, and, after waiting for a passing bus, crossed the road and continued briskly up the street. She obviously had no plan, and there was something really exciting about seeing a girl that desperate with no idea of where she would pee.

By now she was talking on her phone, of course still really upset, possibly either talking to her friend from earlier or trying to get someone to wire her money, and I realised I might see this girl lose it and flood herself. I even imagined what it would be like to see the pee running down her pants. I followed her as she passed an intersection (I was going this direction anyway, don't freak out) and eventually got to a pretty small "park" at the corner of an intersection. She stopped here, and her free hand went out in a kind of "are you kidding me?!" gesture with her palm facing up before it had to go to her crotch to hold back the flood.

She must have been really bursting, either realising she had far less than the five minutes she had , and/or aware she had very few options, because she proceeded to go into a kind of pretty wide "alley" formed by the building on the left, and the tall, thick bushes bordering the park to the right. I continued onwards, of course, but when I looked through all the bushes from the other end of the corner "park" (there are bushes on both sides of it), some of the bright yellow of her raincoat stood out even through all the foliage, and I understood that after pausing a little, or maybe undoing the button and zipper of her pants, she squatted in the end of the alley.

Mind you, this was in downtown and the "alley" faced a pretty busy street, even though of course drivers and pedestrians don't have any reason at all to look down the alley, it was near the centre of a big city and in broad daylight, so she must have been bursting to resort to pee there. I'd post a street view picture of the alley, but I don't want to make it too obvious which city I live in.

I walked on up the street, pausing for a traffic lights to turn green so I could cross the road, and a minute or so after she squatted I saw her standing at the edge of the park talking to her friend, who had apparently followed her, still exasperated and angry, saying something that ended with "#@*"& pee myself!" ("...jævla tisse i buksen!"), probably something like "I had to pee myself so #@¤& bad!". I hope he was supportive and comforted her, and I'm glad she made it without peeing herself even though it was probably really embarrassing to her to have to pee there.

I have obviously seen desperate girls before, and even girls in wet pants, but this is the first time I've seen, maybe, at least, pee running down a girl's legs as she pees, and such a truly desperate girl with nowhere to pee - and it's the first time I see two desperations/accidents on the same day.

