Traffic jam + large soda

Author: Guest Rima31

*000*2022-10-27 23:46

So, this is a story that happened not so long ago, and to be honest I am still quite embarrassed about it...

Approximately month or so ago I went to an anime convention with my best friend and roommate ( lets call her Emma ). The convention was quite far from when we currently live so Emma asked her parents if she could borrow the family car, to which the parents reluctantly accepted ( she has a license, but she doesn't usually drive long distances ). We had so much fun at the convention and bought lots of goods, but after 2 days it was finally time to come back.

The trip to the convention was quite uneventful. The traffic was good and we reached our destination faster than we thought, but the most refreshing thing was that, for the first time in I don't know how much, we didn't have to stop the car every few minutes so I could pee. (I had to go only twice and luckily we we close to a gas station both times) Emma knows about my bladder issue and is super cool about it, but I still feel a little bad every time we go on longer drives, and she has to stop the car every few minutes so I could pee.

On the way back we stopped at McDonalds to eat before going back ( thinking I will be fine because I could go to the bathroom I ordered a large soda too ). Emma asked me if it was ok for me to drink such a large drink, but I told her that I would be fine if I pee a couple of times before leaving. We started eating and talking about the convention and a few other unrelated things. After we were done eating we both went to the bathroom ( it was my the third time already in the last 30 minutes, but it was quite common for me to pee about this much after drinking so I didn't think much about it ). After being sure I've emptied my bladder we went back to the car and we were ready to go home.

The traffic going back was just awful. We were driving so slow I didn't think we would reach home during the day. There was an accident on the highway and we were forced to slow down almost to a halt. Well we didn't really hurry so there was no problem, just a mild annoyance, or it should have been...

Leaning back on my seat without any worry whatsoever I suddenly felt a familiar sensation...Right, it was the usual thing...

Me: Oh no, I need to pee again...

Emma: Again? Really? You went like what 10 times while we were at Mc's! *lol*

Me: Hey it was only 3 times...and I had a large soda...

Emma: Yeah, yeah. I understand. I knew you would eventually have to go again and I was prepared to stop whenever but there is a problem...

Me: What problem?

Emma: Well, we are stuck on the highway stupid, with cars surrounding us. Do you think I can stop? Where are you supposed to pee anyway?

Yep, that was the situation. Usually we would just pull over and I would go pee behind in a bush or something, but this time clearly it was impossible. There were no trees, bushes or even rocks I could go behind. We were on the highway with no chance of getting out of this traffic jam any time sooner...

I was starting to panic and I was feeling like I could leak anytime...

Me: Oh no... * I started tearing up *

Emma: Hey it's ok, it shouldn't take much longer right? Just a few minutes and we should be able to pull over and the you can go pee* She tried to comfort me*

Me: I can't hold it for minutes... It already started hurting a little. I have to go now! * I shouted while crying and holding my crotch* What should I do?...

We were both looking for ideas when my eyes landed on the soda cups we didn't finish and took with us.

Me: Hey, can I pee in this? *I pointed towards the cup*

Emma: Eh? Are you serious? Can't you just wait a little more?

Me: I can't! I have to go now! You chose : the cup or the car seat.

Emma: Ok, ok lol, it's fine, just try not to spill any pee on the seat, ok?

Me: Ok, thanks a lot!

I poured the remaining juice in the cup outside of the car window and without further thinking, and not caring about the other drivers, I took down my shorts, (luckily I usually don't wear panties so it was quite easy) took the now empty cup and placed it under my privates and started peeing with so much force I thought the cup will rip.

Me: Ah, it feels so much better!

Emma: Lol, good for you! * She started laughing * Just please don't spill any of it on to the seat ok?

Me: Sure thing! *I continued peeing for a few more seconds when...*

I look in the cup which was getting increasingly hard to hold.

Me: Oh no!

Emma: What?!

Me: It's almost full and I am not even half finished! * I forced myself to stop the stream *

Emma: Eh? You've got to be kidding me?!

Me: Sorry! I am not. Ugh... I can't hold it for a very long time.

Emma: It's ok! *She gets her cup and gulps the remaining juice* Take this one too.

Me: Thank you, Emma! I love you!

Emma: Yeah, yeah! Just hurry up and finish peeing. I feel like people are watching us...

I put the cup filled with pee into the cup holder, put the lead on, placed the other empty cup under me and started peeing again. After a minute or so I was finally done. I placed the other cup in the holder too, I pulled up my shorts and let out a relaxed sigh.

Me: So much better!

Emma: Holy! You almost filled two large cups! How on earth does all that pee come from such a tiny girl?

Me: Lol, I don't know. I am supposed to have s really small bladder too.

We both laughed about it.

After some time the traffic jam cleared out and we were finally able to go home. On the way home we pulled over near a park to throw out the cups and for me to pee again ( and almost got seen doing it by some old couple... trees don't give to much protection now do they?... that's why I prefer bushes. )

In the end we finally reached home. I was more than exhausted. I didn't even eat dinner, I just peed, changed into my pull-ups and pajamas and went right to sleep.

