The time a man almost caught me peeing on a trail

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2021-03-22 07:54

This happened a few years ago, I think I was 21. The place I lived had a few trails in the area that went through fields and forest. I'd gotten in the habit of going out there in the early morning when it was barely light, because I usually wouldn't see anybody else, and I could have some fun peeing outside

That day I'd been walking deeper on the trails than usual, drinking from a water bottle the whole time, and as I started to head back I could feel the waistband of my jeans pressing on my bladder. I could've stopped to pee anywhere, since I was alone, but the pressure felt good and was turning me on. It wasn't that bad yet, so I decided to hold it and keep walking. The woods around me were quiet and chilly. I was starting to shiver a little, partly from the cold morning air and partly from my growing need to pee. All the water I'd been drinking was filling me up fast. The farther I walked, the tighter my bladder felt, and after a while I was getting desperate.

Eventually I was almost at the edge of the woods, where the trail opened out into a field before the parking area. Once I left the cover of the trees I'd be in full view of anyone who might be there, so I knew I should go before I got to the treeline, or I'd risk having to pee (or wet myself) where I might get seen. By that point I was squirming and holding my crotch as I walked, and the thought of letting go sounded really nice.

I stopped in the middle of the wide dirt trail and looked around for a place to go, still holding myself and shifting from foot to foot. There were some rocks to the right, and a small slope with some plants and trees to the left. It had also been raining the night before, and I noticed a big puddle in the middle of the trail ahead. As I looked at the still surface of the water I felt my desperation surge. I had to go bad, and the idea of letting it out in that puddle made my pussy feel tingly.

In a rush, I hurried forward to the edge of the puddle. My bladder begged for release, but I had to make sure I was alone. I stood very still, holding myself tight, and listened as I looked down the trail toward the field. It wasn't a straight shot, the path curved to the left, but I didn't hear or see any signs of people. At any rate, I couldn't wait anymore. Bouncing and squirming, I undid my jeans and slid them halfway down my thighs. The sudden cold made me intensely desperate. My bladder felt full and heavy, my muscles struggling to hold back the flood.

As fast as I could, I crouched over the puddle and yanked my panties down, just enough to be out of the way. The cold air hit my naked pussy and that was it. Pee instantly shot out from between my legs, a strong stream splashing into the water below. I nearly moaned with relief and arousal. It felt so naughty, peeing in the middle of the trail, fully exposed. I kept going until I was empty, rubbing my throbbing clit a little, then pulled my panties back up, a few drops of pee soaking into the fabric.

I stood up and quickly wiggled my jeans back up my legs, staying in place for a second to recover from the excitement. Just then, movement caught my eye, and I saw a man rounding the corner of the trail ahead. He was older, maybe in his 50s or 60s. I blushed and pretended not to see him, acting casual and trying to seem like I was stopped to look at the trees. After a couple seconds I kept walking. He passed on the left, making eye contact and smiling politely. I smiled back and kept moving. My heart was racing, I was so turned on. I don't think he saw anything, but I love to imagine what he would have seen if I'd been just a little slower~

