Desperation and good luck at the movies

Author: Guest blitzomo

*000*2015-09-20 21:24

This is one of the most remarkable stories I have to share about female desperation. This happened in 2012, when I had a girlfriend that was very accustomed to hold her pee for long periods. Since I met her, I always have been curious, because I've never seen her even close to a toilet, or with any sign of discomfort about her bladder, and I thought she was possibly one of these women that can last hours and hours helding a moderately full bladder. She was 23, brown hair always tied in a long ponytail. She was 5'7'' and had a beautiful body, her hips were a little bit wide and she was thin and with very good-looking breasts. And really, since I met her, I always was wondering why she seemed that she could hold it forever. She also had beautiful eyes, I love round big eyes, and a very beautiful smile.

Since I was very interested in her holding habits, I always remember some early experiences. In january we normally went to a summer camp, because we both played music in a big group. The summer camp was one week long in a retired place from the city, and to get there we commonly needed three hours by bus. It wasn't really long, but I remember that many of my female classmates arrived directly to look for a bathroom, desperately, with crossed legs, jumping a little bit, biting their lips and looking to everywhere a little too restless and nervous. My girlfriend instead always had everything in control, and she never showed any sign of the slightest discomfort, even though she usually drank a lot of water during the bus trip. I thought she had this "iron bladder" and I was dying to see her in a desperate situation, about to explode. Or at least showing any sign of a full bladder. But I never managed to see her in these conditions, until some time later.

There is not an easier way to see a girl in a hurry, than after a long movie. So, when we started dating, one good day I took her to a movie theater to see some random movie. Casually I asked if she wanted some popcorn or something to take, and of course I bought two large glasses of Pepsi. She sat very calm, not even wondering what I was thinking, and the show started. The movie lasted less than two hours, it was a rather short movie, but with a drink of that size it was impossible that she would not get out crossing her legs, I thought. From time to time I looked at her, and I watched her drinking and drinking cola, so distracted and without even thinking it. Of course I lost all concentration and I stood there waiting to see any sign, even as slight as a leg shift, but nothing. One hour, one hour and a half... And she stood as still and as calm as ever.

When the clock marked one hour forty-five I saw she started to press her legs together, and she left them that way, with her hands between her legs, but nothing else. When the movie finished I picked up the glasses, and I noticed that she effectively had emptied all of her cola. I left mine at half to avoid getting too desperate myself, but I was feeling a little bit of a need in my own bladder, so I imagined her condition should be a lot worse.

We got out of the movie theater and got around the mall for a quick trip. She walked rather normally, without any signs of having the whole liter of cola in her bladder, but I knew she would had to do something pretty soon because the movie theater was a little bit too cold. And at this moment, after walking for a while, she told me that she needed to visit the ladies. At last! So we started to look for a bathroom, and five minutes later we found one in the second floor. She entered the restrooms, I went to pee and we met outside again five minutes later. I thought I missed this great oportunity, but I was so mistaken, because she told me that the bathrooms were completely dirty and that she would rather hold it and go home.

We walked around the mall again for a very short time, found another toilet but the ladies facilities were in maintenance. It was getting a little bit late, so she told me to go to catch the bus, and that she would hold it perfectly. Of course I did not oppose to this idea.

We went then to the bus station, and ten minutes later we were back on route. I had the possibility to watch her, finally knowing that she was holding it a little. In fact, I knew that all the soda she had drunk had to be by now in her bladder, it was a huge drink! And she had lost the opportunity to go to the toilet before traveling back. But as always, she sat still and during the whole trip she tried to conceive her need as best as she could, and she didn't move even a little bit. We had a rather casual conversation, and the trip lasted about thirty minutes to the center of the city. We then went walking to the final bus station that would take us home, this second trip would take around ten minutes longer.

When we arrived to the city, I asked if she was ok and if she wanted to go to some place to ask for the bathroom, but she told me that we were pretty close to her home and that she could manage to hold it until then. I did not see her too convinced, however, and I knew one part of her will was giving up and asking her to run to the nearest toilet available. I tried to convince her and told her that there was this cafeteria nearby, so we could go and she could relieve herself. She thought it for a while, biting her lips, very still, and in the end she said she agreed and that it would be a nice idea.

I took her to the cafeteria. The toilet facilities were on the second floor, but in order to use them we had to purchase something, so I got two cappuccinos and we waited until the order was ready, so we could got upstairs and she could go to calm that bladder, that by this time it would be so close to its limits.

We sat at a table, and she went straight to the bathroom. Now I thought I had missed a great opportunity, but again I was mistaked, because the bathrooms were closed and we asked, but they told us that they were out of service and that nothing could be done. I could not believe it! She was already dancing a little bit outside the door, but then she returned to sit with me at the table and she tried to drink the cup of coffee before leaving. I told her that it was not really necessary for her to drink it, because she was going to explode, but she told me that usually she held a lot and that this coffee was not going to make anything worse. I knew it was all the opposite, she was getting pretty close to her physical limit and sooner or later her bladder had to give up.

She agreed to leave the cup by the middle, and we went walking fast to the bus station. The bus was not there, so we had to wait for a moment, and now I really saw her in trouble. She was almost peeing herself, and she had to stop hiding it. She moved her legs, as marching in the same place, she bent over a little bit, and for a moment I thought that she was going to get one hand between her legs, grabbing her crotch very strongly to avoid any leakage, but she tried to avoid this last resource at all costs. I told her that we were going to arrive very soon, and I tried to distract her a little bit by kissing her, but she was so concentrated trying to hold it... She had to have her pee-muscles tired, because we had got out of the movie theater one hour earlier, and at last, all that Pepsi was sitting down at her bladder.

At last the bus arrived and she ran to sit with her legs tightly clenched. She moved like crazy, and when we were very close to her house, she left all the shyness and openly grabbed herself on top of her jeans, grabbing herself very firmly. She didn't stop to say "gotta pee, gotta pee" and between moans and crotch grabbing we arrived to the final stop.

She made herself thrown out of the bus, ran the last hundred meters until her home and she almost drove crazy looking for her keys. She was lifting one leg while she searched her purse, and I knew she was exploding NOW. As soon as she opened the door, she ran downstairs, and of course I followed her. She sat on the toilet, left the door alone, she tore off her jeans and fell sat on the toilet again, still with her very damp panties on, but now her bladder gave up. Liquid was starting to get out, flowing through her panties, and I heard a true waterfall, she was peeing and peeing without stopping, moaning that at last she was having relief. I heard her emptying her bladder for almost three minutes, it was amazing. I swear it was the longest pee I have heard in all my life.

