Boyfriend's Wet Car

Author: Guest Renlhefhtbazil

*000*2016-06-26 04:49

Now, I know this story may seem too good to be true, but I promise this is 100% real. This is one memory that will never leave my mind. He was never one to be shy, if he had something to say, he would say it. He also hated being embarrassed, and especially in front of me. At this point, we'd been together for about 9 months and things went pretty fast with us. We met, fell in love, and started dating in the span of two months.

This happened on Valentine's Day of 2013. He had this whole day planned, so I showed up at his house at around 9:00 am that morning. We showered together, and since we live in California, it's always hot so we were staying hydrated. I didn't live with him, but I was at his house often enough that I might as well of been living there. We left his house at around 10 am, got brunch, and then went to the movies. When the movie was over, it was about 3 pm, so we decided to go to the beach.

I noticed that he hadn't gone to the bathroom the entire day, which was strange to me. By now, he should be bursting to pee, but he didn't show any signs. The drive to the beach was about an hour and a half, we decided on Huntington Beach because it was the shortest drive and was a nice area.

When we got there, we just laid on the sand and messed around a little bit, but nothing crazy. We were greeted by a family who decided to set up right next to us, so we ended up just walking along the shore. At 5:00, we got dinner at a near by Ruby's and then started heading home. Since it was about 6:30 pm when we got on the freeway, traffic was terrible. I mean bumper to bumper, and it didn't help that there was an accident up ahead. I noticed my boyfriend, let's call him L, started to squirm a little bit. I asked him if he was okay, but he just brushed it off as having sand in his pants. I smiled a bit, knowing what was actually happening. He needed to pee.

Just a little description of him, he's a pretty skinny guy. He's about 6'1, toned body, small muscles but very veiny arms, which I like. He has a chiseled face though, that doesn't very much match the rest of him, and he has short blonde hair that he always has gelled up in the front.

Anway, so we continue on in traffic, he's driving, I'm watching him squirm from the corner of my eye. He had a pained look on his face like he was extremely uncomfortable, so I ask him again if he's okay. He said he's just tired and wants to get home, so I brush it off and we sit in silence. When I desperately need to pee, I don't like talking much either unless I'm mad about it. If I'm about to wet my pants and someone's taking too long in the bathroom, I'll start tearing up out of frustration and yelling. He's the same way, but in this case, there was no one to yell at, so he stayed quiet.

Another thirty minutes passed and he grabbed my hand.

"Babe, I didn't want to admit it but now I'm desperate, I gotta pee so bad it hurts." He said, not making eye contact. I patted his hand softly in sympathy, but in reality, I was turned on. He had moved into the carpool lain, which is illegal since there was only one passenger, but traffic was still slow. He was squirming a lot now, and let go of my hand to drive. Since it was stick shift he didn't have a free hand to hold himself, so he tried to keep his legs pressed tightly together, which I can only imagine would be painful considering he was pretty.... Big. Occasionally he would curse under his breath and readjust how he was sitting, but other than that, he was helpless.

Another twenty minutes went by and he looked at me desperately. "Babe please, can you undo my pants it hurts." Traffic had sped up a little so his hands were on the wheel now. I felt so bad for him, but I also wanted so badly to see him wet himself. I gladly undid his pants, applying slight pressure to his budging bladder. He sighed, but suddenly took one hand off the wheel to grab himself. I knew he was gonna lose it any minute. We swerved slightly but not enough for someone to crash into us or for us to crash. We were still a good hour away from home, and there was no way he could pull across four lanes to get off now. Every exit we passed, he looked even more miserable. My arousal grew even more at the sight of him grabbing himself on and off any chance he got.

More time went by and he was about to lose the fight. I rubbed his thigh to try and help him out, but he would wince anytime I got close to his junk or bladder. Out of nowhere, a car sped up and tried to merge in front of us. He slammed on the brakes, launching us both forwards in our seats. The seatbelt must have dug into his bladder hard enough that he cursed under his breath, moaned, and then quickly grabbed himself again. I could see the desperation on his face, so I reached over and grabbed him so he could focus on driving. His pants were pushed down slightly, and through his open zipper I could see a very small wet patch on his navy blue boxers. I rubbed him a little bit, trying to take his mind off the pain. He moaned softly out of agony and told me he was gonna wet himself any minute. I started to get even more turned on, and didn't even notice my own need was growing. He focused on the road, trying to just get home on time without any accidents.

We got about 20 minutes from home, and I was still holding him and now myself. I couldn't help but rub myself softly through my panties, I was so turned on. He was groaning and cursing, and the wet patch was growing in size every couple of minutes. He was spurting, and my hand was slightly damp. "I'm so sorry... I can't help it I have to go so bad. My bladder is aching and I'm about to lose it..." He was turning red, and his eyes were pained. "I know baby, I have to go too, we'll make it just hold on." I said comfortingly, but I could tell it didn't help one bit. He wa still leaking and moaning and cursing.

Finally, traffic came to another stop, and he just couldn't take it anymore. "Babe it's coming... I'm gonna pee myself!" He cried, and I felt my hand getting wetter. I pulled away and watched. His underwear glistened and I heard the pee hissing as it forcefully sprayed against his jeans and boxers. I had my towel over my lap now and was rubbing myself faster, watching him uncontrollably soak his pants. His moans were loud, his head was back, and he just kept whispering I'm sorry between sighs. 

"I can't stop.... I can't stop... Oh god oh god" he whispered. His steam was strong and basically fountained out of his underwear, slightly wetting his shirt at the brim. I placed my hand back on him, rubbing him slightly again trying to help him but he really couldn't stop. It just kept going, streaks of pee running down his jeans and his legs, the seat puddling up and then soaking it all in. His boxers were soaked around his hips as well as his jeans. His legs were shaking, he was helplessly wetting himself. I stopped touching myself and just held on, because watching him wet himself made me spurt, and I didn't want to wet his other seat.

When he finished, he looked at me, and then looked back at the road. I could see the pee leaking over the seat now, wetting the floor below him.

When we exited the freeway, I was bursting now. "L I'm sorry but I really have to pee now." I expected him to be upset, but he just asked if I could make it home. I said yes, hoping I could, but just as we pulled into the driveway I started wetting my panties. "Oh god I'm so sorry..." I said, as the hot urine just shot out of me and into my panties, hissing. My body was shaking and I was gripping his hand which was now on my thigh. He watched me, just like I watched him. When I finished, he made a joke about cleaning the car tomorrow, and then we went inside his house to change.

A few weeks later we ended up breaking up, it was mutual but he had fallen for someone else, which I didn't know till later on. Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this. I still think about it all the time, every detail in my mind.

