My first embarrassing/funny wetting experience

Author: Guest PeeInBoots

*000*2019-09-10 23:34

Hey, on this site I am PeeInBoots, my real name is Leia, and I am going to be talking about my first ever wetting experience that got real embarrassing, but also a bit funny. I was about 15 when this happened, and this happened at the mall, (not going to state specifics).

It was a walk-in mall, but for some reason, there were no bathrooms. I still don’t think there is any tbh. Anyways, I was with my best friend, (I’ll give her a fake name, Zoey) Zoey and I decided to just get a couple of drinks from Starbucks. So we started with one Venti sized Frappuccino, then one turned to two, then two turned to three, then three turned into three and a half. We couldn’t finish our last one. At this point, I usually always get up to use the washroom before buying clothes and such. But we looked around a good three times and we didn’t see a bathroom anywhere.

We asked the man working and he said that there aren’t any there, but to check around the cafeteria. Fair enough, so we walk around it twice, wasn’t there. So, we walked around this mall for thirty minutes desperate to pee, not being able to find anything. Eventually, a woman sees us struggle about forty-five after our drinks and she asks, “What’s wrong?” Zoey responded, “We’re trying to find the closest bathroom, we’ve been holding it in for so long and there’s been no luck for us thus far.” The woman laughed and responded, “Don’t you girls live around here?” (we didn’t) “There are no washrooms in this mall!” We froze, staring into an abyss, and I started pissing myself in front of this poor woman.

I started crying and ran to the nearest exit, Zoey running behind me this whole time. Once I got outside, I managed to stop peeing before I overloaded my black jeans. Zoey looked at me dead in the eyes for about 15 seconds without saying a word, eventually, I hear psssssssss. I looked down and she just completely pissed her poor red and black plaid skinny jeans. We started laughing and I continued pissing all in my black skinny jeans and black combat boots, (we wore matching boots 😊). The whole duration of me wetting myself is five minutes and for Zoey seven XD

Afterwards, we both just laughed it off and she drove me back home. We never forgot this moment and I don’t think we ever will. (By the way, you will hear about Zoey in my stories a lot, she’s like my gothic piss buddy lol). That’s about it for this story, I mean it was my first ever wetting and it was pretty embarrassing but funny at the same time.

Zoey’s outfit: Black Thrasher hoodie, red and black plaid skinny jeans, black Ardene’s combat boots.

My outfit 😊: Grey zip-up hoodie, black skinny jeans, black Ardene’s combat boots.

