My first time at a department store

Author: Guest

*000*2024-05-27 23:23

This is my first post of many… since I’m deciding to make content.

This happened about a week ago, I decided to buy Poise Pads, that hold strong gushed in case of an “accident”, since I’ve been kind of incontinent, and always pee a little on my panties but as an accident, never get on time to the toilet. Anyway, last week I decided to go to this department store, and I was walking around, doing some shopping and had the urge to pee, but I waited just until I have more pee on the bladder, and since I’ve never done it that public and the store was full, I was afraid the pad wouldn’t hold it, but I was deciding on use the pad for some relief. So when the urge got bigger, since I was scared about a leakage I went into the the dressing room to try some clothing, so I took my pant off, and made sure the pad was in place. And relief just a little, no leaking, so I was good.

I was too afraid to relief my self and then all the people seeing my tight jean wet, so I decided let me go to the restroom which was just beside the dressing room, when I enter into that restroom it was the most disgusting place I’ve seen, and trust me I’ve seen pretty nasty places. So I said to my self I need to hold, or keep relieving until the pad gets full. I had no other choice…

So I was doing the line to pay, after 30 minutes of shopping and searching for some things, and there was a point in which my bladder was hurting, so I started to pee, little by little, I was starting to feel the pad how it got bigger, and the gel on it to expand. The line was full, I was there for almost 20 minutes since they were so slow. So I kept wetting, touching my butt from time to time making sure there was no spots, and I peed some more. The excitement I felt when I was peeing in front of all that people it’s indescribable. When I finish paying and while walking to my car, I just emptied my bladder, to my surprise It was not that long since I already peed, and it only overflowed in the front which was barely noticeable, I put a towel on my sit and seated on my pad, the warm pad against my parts with the gel feeling was amazing. Peed some more on the way home, and the pad was over the capacity, I can’t wait to repeat this again.

Sorry if my English is not that good, my first language is Spanish. If you want content in Spanish let me know.

Where else should I try to pee my self? I do have other stories with diaper peeing in public if you want me to share.

