Tried something new

Author: Guest Jasminexo

*000*2022-03-27 19:38

So this afternoon I was a bit bored, I had nothing to do and was just sat in my bedroom, I had a slight urge to pee, and was about to go use the toilet when I had an idea, I instead went back to my room and got a cute outfit on, had a normal pair of white panties, I also put something in my panties called an “incontinence Pad” which I had seen whilst shopping and wanted to try out, a tight pair of light blue jeans, held up by a black leather belt, grey ankle socks, some white Vans I hadn’t worn for a while and I put on a white t shirt which I tucked in slightly at the front. I then headed downstairs to get myself something to drink, I poured myself a pint of Pepsi, and sat down to drink it, I finished it quickly, waited about 5 minutes and then poured myself another pint of Pepsi and drank it over the course of a few minutes. I then set a timer for 25 minutes and began to wait.

After 25 minutes, my timer went off, I had a decent urge to pee, and so I left my house and went for a walk. What’s new about this for me, is that usually when I pee myself outside, it’s in a way where no one would notice, either wetting myself at times and in areas where there won’t be anyone, or wearing something where the pee doesn’t show up, I was going out to pee myself and let people know I wet myself. I walked along a cycle path for about 30 minutes and was definitely feeling the urge, and I soon arrived at a fairly quiet park, I chose to sit down against a tree in the shade as it was a nice day today, and pulled out my phone to read an eBook so I could let more pee collect in my bladder.

After about 15 minutes of reading I felt satisfied with how much pee was inside of my bladder, but decided to finish the chapter I was reading, which took another 10 minutes. I stood up from the tree and my bladder felt pretty full, and I felt a pretty strong urge to go, so once I stood up, I pulled my jeans up a bit higher so that my belt was on my bladder bulge and then tightened my belt to increase my urge.

I started to walk back, which was about a 35 minute walk, and once I got to the cycle path, I continued walking but started to pee, and it hissed out like a jet, the incontinence pad that I had put in my panties absorbed my pee for a few seconds, but soon was at its limit, and my pee started to soak into my light blue jeans, it felt super naughty for me as my hot piss soaked into my jeans and left stains on the inside, front and back of my legs and my bum, I finished peeing after about 40 seconds and felt super relieved.

I still had a 30 minute walk along the cycle path, and then a 5 minute walk through a town until I was home, I was sort of hoping someone would come by and see my pissed jeans, as I want to get more confident with public wettings, and as I continued to walk, the stains spread a bit more, and a good amount of pee had soaked into my shoes and socks (why I chose an old pair of shoes so I didn’t ruin a pair of shoes I really liked) and with about 10 minutes of the cycle path left, two cyclists came and passed my by, which felt a bit embarrassing but super naughty at the same time.

Also a few minutes later I walked past some people who saw my soaked jeans, and it felt a tad less embarrassing, I eventually got to the end and had to walk through the town to my home, however I took a small detour to a shop, and bought some coffee and Pepsi using the self checkout, and felt people staring at me. I eventually got home and felt super good about what I’d done and feel more confident than ever to do it again.

Also I’ll probably try the incontinence pads again, not for pleasure, but they seem pretty reliable, so I’ll use them for when I have leaks doing weight training.

Overall felt super nice, I feel more confident with public wetting now and will probably continue to advance how I do my wettings. Hope you enjoyed reading this xx

