Massive Wetting in Bed, and More

Author: gobphus

*000*2015-01-28 09:56

This is the story of my best intentional bedwetting experiences...

What’s that noise? Oh, the alarm. It’s 6:30 AM. Alarm keeps ringing. After several attempts, I manage to quiet the infernal racket. An advantage of retirement is being able to lie around and play. Noticing my bladder is fairly full, I get a drink of water in the bathroom. Top off the tank, ya know?

I go into my home office and check for activity online. Not much happening. Pressure is building in my bladder. I shift from foot to foot, my own little pee-pee dance in front of the computer. Too bad that artificial intelligence has not advanced far enough to provide me an electronic pee playmate. Oh, well.

I find a plastic dry cleaning bag and return to the bedroom, where I place the bag over my spot in our queen-sized bed. Having a minimal cleanup is nice. I don’t lie down yet. Got to build up a giant piss for my PJs to soak up and make me feel warm and wet from knees to shoulders.

I’m alone in the house. Pressure is building. Wow, there’s a lot of pee asking to be released from bladder bondage. Hold on, hold on, as the old labor and civil rights song goes. The waves of wanting to wet are getting intense. I’m really looking forward to this. I love how great it feels to pee in bed after holding for so long. The release of pressure. The spreading warmth and wetness. The smell of fresh urine.

I can’t stand it any longer. The pressure to pee, the desire to pee are too strong. I lie face down on the bed. I make sure that the bag protects the sheet from my knees to my shoulders. Good, should make cleanup easy. I aim my dick up toward my chest, hoping to feel the warmth move way, way up my body. God, I’ve got to pee!

Here it comes! The wet liquid is hot against my body. I feel it spreading and spreading. Up my tummy. Down between my balls and my legs. Warm and wet and nice! Eventually the flow stops. I lie in the wet and the warmth and recall some recent delightful chats. Mmm, so arousing, but I’ve got to wait. That drink of water is still making its way through my system on its way to my now-empty bladder. I think some more about my online pals. I’ve enjoyed our little chats and I think they have also.

Walking around makes me more desperate, so I get up and go back into my office. My PJs are nicely soaked but not dripping. I take some photos of the wet pajamas. The flash really brings out the glistening wetness around my crotch! “Shine on, shine on Harvest Piss, down in my pants. I ain’t had no peein’ since…” Since when? Since two minutes ago! I’m dancing again. Got to hold on, give my pee a chance to build up to full pressure. Got to get to “Run, Johnny, she’s gonna blow!” I check out the profiles of a few logged-on peeple. I check out a chatroom. Not much going on.

Wow, that was sudden! The urge to pee has become intense again. I hurry back to bed and lie down quickly. This time I don’t have time to aim my dick down. The pee storms out. I feel it coursing past my balls and down my legs. The flow lasts longer than I expected. More piss than the first time. When I move slightly, I hear a squishing sound, so I know there must be a puddle forming between my legs. Got to be careful not to make a channel onto the sheet. The bag so far has kept the sheet dry and my PJs have soaked up a lot.

I raise up slightly. The smell of urine is powerful. I like it. I lie back down, warming up my chest again. My dick is soft. I thrust into the bed. Not much happening, so I get a gob of lubricant on my hand and reach into my PJ bottoms. God, how wet they are! I play with myself a bit and think about my online pee pals. Such fond memories. I get more aroused, thrust into my lubricated palm. That feels good—so slick and warm and wet!

But wait: I want to pee some more. I want to share my experience with someone. Inspired by a spectacular post on holding at the office by a female pee pal, I decide to write about this experience. I get up, get another drink, go back to my office. I begin writing, standing at the computer in my pee-soaked PJs. The second drink is slowly homing in on my bladder. The urges get stronger. I continue to type. I mention in chat that I have a new project but my comment is lost in a discussion about who knows how many languages. Back to typing. Another urge. More typing. Another urge. The pressure is unbearable. Fearing a massive flood, I get another bag for the area of the bed under my knees.

I hurry back to the bedroom, put the second bag below and under the first, and lie down quickly, with my dick pointed toward my chest like the first time. The urge has subsided a bit, but it returns more forcefully than ever. I begin to moan. I pant. At last a huge gusher floods my PJs with hot urine. It feels really good! I begin to press my hardening dick into the bed. I hear a lovely wet “squish” with each thrust.

The phone rings. No Caller ID on the old phone by the bed. I answer the call. An insurance salesman! If he were right there in the room, he’d need some life insurance. I tell him to take me off his call list and hang up. Rats! Is the wet spell broken? I lie back down on the bed to find out.

I lubricate my left palm, thrust it into my PJ bottoms, and begin to massage my penis. I thrust my penis against my flattened palm. I make a tunnel with my hand and thrust into that. I begin to think about someone. Her quick enthusiasm. Her need for talk. Her need to come. So hot! She wants my pee. She wants my cum. She is soaking wet with excitement. I want her, want to pee on her, want to come all over her. Ahhhhhhh! At last I am satisfied.

But wait, there’s more. Another trip to the office for pictures, including my cum-coated left palm. Back to the bedroom. I take the plastic bags into the bathroom, being careful not to let them drip. I start the shower and rinse off the first bag in the warm spray. Boy, do I feel another urge to piss! Hold on, hold on! I rinse the second bag. Strong urges to pee hit me as I rinse. I can’t do it in bed again. Oh, what a good idea: sit on the toilet and piss my pajama bottoms! I sit on my porcelain playground and give way to the next strong urge. It’s marvelous! The pee finds its way into a new place, the seat of my pajama pants, where it pools, warming my butt and dribbling down into the bowl, continuing long after I have finished peeing. Nice! Done with wetting, I pull off my PJs, which are soaking wet from shins to shoulders, and toss them into a laundry basket.

After showering I head back to the bedroom. Oops, in the thrusting throes of my ecstasy I must have moved off the first bag and got the sheet damp. Rats! I check under the sheet. What’s this, the pad, not the cotton/vinyl protector? Double rats! So, the sheet is wet, the pad is wet, and the mis-layered protector is damp. Oh, well, sometimes one must pay the price for a really good wet experience. And the day has just begun.

*003*2015-01-29 04:06

Thanks for your appreciation of my story, KittenShiloh and GibbyGibson. I have other stories, photos, and videos to share as I find the time.

*005*2015-01-29 13:36

Thanks, Gemmy. I was hoping you would like this story. I enjoyed following your hold yesterday, especially since you wet your bed so much when you lost control at last.

