How Kingdom Hearts Lead to A Pee Desperation

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2020-04-25 03:37

I've made a thread about my friend Kirsten before. Last year she needed to poop very badly while riding in the back of our car with us. I would be lying if I said I wasn't turned on very much that day. Even though I only graciously got to experience her urgent desperation for about 20 minutes, I still very often masturbate while thinking of that memory.

I briefly gave a description of my friend but perhaps a more thorough one is in order. Obviously her name isn't really Kirsten but even as a disgusting sexual deviant I still respect my friends privacy.

Kirsten has no education past high school, she has worked as a cook in her grandfather's local bar in our town since 11th grade, and she's currently 27. Because of the ongoing COVID-19 situation in Minnesota all non-essential businesses have temporarily closed, including the bar she worked at. Out of all of the friends my wife and I have Kirsten has been our longest and closest one and being out of a job and not having any significant savings from her constant spending on retro video games and Fullmetal Alchemist manga, we very generously have let Kirsten live with us in our guest bedroom until things cool off.

She doesn't take advantage and buys her own food and helps with the various chores and cleaning (but not very well, kek, she is just kind of lazy). Needlessly to say, I have wanted to watch Kirsten while she is using the toilet since I first met her. The perverse desire I have has only gotten stronger since last year when I saw her very desperate to poop. With Kirsten living with us for the time being I often watch her walk to the bathroom from her guest bedroom and close the door, my mind filled with images of what's happening behind that door.

Now, not to distract the reader of my little tale from their own perverse sexual thoughts of Kirsten, but last week my wife was going to be gone for the entirety of the week. Her mom is sick (not COVID thankfully) and while I can happily inform you my wife's mom is still above the dirt and kickin', her 60 something year old ass is a huge drama queen and really wanted my wife to help her out around the house while she is sick because she is divorced and lives alone.

Obviously my wife isn't dumb. The day that Kirsten almost shit herself in our car, she rationally but politely asked me if I was turned on seeing Kirsten desperate. Which of course, I was. To paraphrase my wife, as long as I promise to never have sex with another woman (a promise I intend to keep) she is okay if I get a little enjoyment every now and then from my fetish. We have even watched some of my favorite videos together before sex to get my juices flowing. Since she clearly doesn't mind that I watch videos of other women being desperate and on the toilet, and already knows I really liked seeing Kirsten desperate to poop, in my mind my plot to watch Kirsten pee was just taking clever advantage of a loophole in our agreement.

I knew I couldn't just straight up ask Kirsten if I could watch her peeing, I had to play into her vices first. Two of Kirsten's favorite things were alcohol and Kingdom Hearts. I have spent many hours listening to Kirsten and my wife talk about their old Sorra and Axle shipping fan fics from high school.

I'm thankful to still have a 40 hour a week job during these times, but it hindered my plans slightly. I was gone most of the day at work and Kirsten and myself are rather introverted and don't really bother each other too much. My wife was coming home on the following Monday so I spent the entire week at work plotting and scheming how to enact my perverse fantasy on the weekend, and by Friday night I had it down.

Saturday started as usual. Kirsten and I ate breakfast together and the rest of the day for the most part she stayed in the guest bedroom playing around on her laptop and watching anime and the like while I mostly played video games and did some light chores. She used the bathroom twice for the majority of the daylight hours, I tried my best to listen closely and hope I could faintly hear her pee stream through the door but to no avail. I should mention our house has two bathrooms, but currently by total fluke we only have one toliet paper roll left and it is in the downstairs bathroom which is actually an old closet converted into a bathroom. All my video game things and VHS tapes have their own dedicated "media room" and wouldn't ya know it that converted closet bathroom is in our media room so Kirsten has no choice but to come down there when she has to go to the bathroom.

Kirsten ate her typical dinner of some microwaved frozen garbage desperate me insisting she have some of my lasagna (pickiest 27 year old I told ya). I mulled over some conversation with her.

"Hey bro, do you want to hang out tonight? I've been wanting to start Kingdom Hearts 2 and have some drinks."

"Heck yeah dude. I can just basically tell you everything about it. It's like, really good. I have so many Kingdom Hearts ships."

"Would you like to have margaritas? I know you feel bad eating our food and stuff but it's my treat. Besides you got laid off, I'm sure you want a drink."

We got into some conversation following. Even if I had some truly degenerate ulterior motives at work Kirsten is still one of my close friends. I made an excellent margarita, not to brag, and I was enjoying a screwdriver that was admittedly mixed a little too strong.

Eventually with our drinks in hand we repositioned into my media room. Not a super important detail but just to give you an idea of our surroundings as you play out your own interpretation of the desperation I soon hoped to inflict on Kirsten, my media room is basically an old couch and a CRT television on an old mid century modern TV stand with my PS2 and VCR hooked up, and many shelves of VHS tapes and other vintage pop culture oddities my wife and I have thrifted.

I sat on the floor in front of the couch, Kirsten was seated on the couch to my right. If I easily glanced over to my right I had a lovely view of Kirsten's legs and thighs. Kirsten's wardrobe is usually pretty predictable and tonight was no different. She had on a Final Fantasy 7 t-shirt she bought off The Yetee a few years ago and some rather form fitting jeans with a few frayed rips along the legs.

Kirsten wasn't what most men considered "hot", but she was very unconventionally attractive. Her legs curved with soft, rounded edges that melted into her very rounded and wide butt. With her sitting down at my side I can perfectly see the amazing curve of her buttcheeks from profile. I couldn't help but notice a section of her blue, slightly lace, underwear was poking out of the waste line of her jeans. Kirsten was always, no matter what, just a little disheveled looking and her underwear unknowingly tucked out of her pants was on par. Sadly, she was wearing a chunky bra the outline of which poked through her shirt. It did a very good job of concealing the noticeable size and shape of her boobs, but alas.

Kirsten was very excited to watch and act as a commentator while I played one of her favorite games. By the time I made it through Twilight Town Kirsten had very liberally downed most of her margarita. She was already becoming more talkative and bouncy in her attitude and demeanor as I was playing. I let her take over control as she played through parts of Hollow Bastion while I made her another drink.

We had been playing for a good while now, and Kirsten had gotten half way through her second margarita by the time I reached The Land of Dragons. I had been making glances at her legs all night so far, the heavy mixed screwdrivers I'd been drinking were drawing my eyes to the more and more. Finally, I had reached the end of The Land of Dragons level, ready to fight that Mongolian bastard Shan-Yu. As the boss fight was about to begin Kirsten shifted her weight as if she was about to get off the couch.

"Okay dude, pause it. I gotta pee really quick before you fight him."

I knew this was my chance, I made up a bullshit excuse on the spot.

"What? No way. I legit haven't died once. I'm like, honestly in the zone right now. If I pause now I'll lose all my momentum."

"Wow, okay Mr. Pro Gamer over here. Once you die from Shan the Man I'll go pee."

"But what if I don't die though? I'm doing pretty good so far. I already got a bunch of hits on him."

"If it will help you beat him I'll hold it in! But it won't matter anyway because everyone knows you suck at any game that isn't racing or Metal Gear."

"Yeah piss off you know I'm good!"

"I wish I could piss dude, hurry up and let him kill you!"

"Never!"

She finished the majority of what was left of her margarita. Maybe by luck somehow I beat Shan-Yu on my first attempt. Kirsten tried to get up again as the level was wrapping itself up.

"Okay I've seen this cutscene a hundred times, the Emperor guy just thanks you for doing everything. I'm gotta pee now!"

"No seriously Kirsten, I think your bladder is giving me good luck. Did you see how stupid-ass Donald actually casted healing right when I needed it for once?"

"But my bladder is so full of margarita."

After Kirsten said that she made a little whimpering noise as a joke. Even though I laughed, I felt the heat rising in my crotch as I started getting an erection.

"Okay, okay, if I die you can pee but not right now! You have to keep my luck going."

"Well, only because I'm such a great friend and I really love Kingdom Hearts so much. Ugh, this is the Beauty and the Beast level, that movie is like one of the lamest Disney ones. Olympus is way cooler."

"Wow don't spoil the new worlds!"

"Freaking Olympus is in the first one dude! And I really gotta pee, are you sure my bladder is lucky?"

"Yes, I am positive. I've never gotten this far in any game without dying before."

"Well I can't hold it a lot longer! You gotta play faster!"

I will admit the Beast's Castle level was giving me a little challenge but I knew I couldn't die now or everything would be moot. I could easily see now that Kirsten was hunched forward on the couch trying to put some relief on her bladder. Her face was flushed and now, leaning forward, the contour of her butt in her jeans was very visible. The waist of her jeans was pulled back slightly from her leaning and more of the waist of her blue underwear was sticking out now.

I could barely concentrate between sneaking looks at Kirsten in between attacking Heartless. Even with her desperation Kirsten was still trying to guide me through the level and make funny comments. I was surprised she was playing along with my request.

After Beast's Castle there is some really boring stuff that happens in 100 Acre Woods. Kirsten was starting to bounce one of her legs.

"Ah dude, just skip all these Winne the Poo cutscenes it's like not really that important in the story. Can I please go pee? Like, pretty please? Just pause it at the Gumi Ship part."

"Okay Kirsten, if you help me beat the Coliseum I will let you pee and end my lucky streak."

"I guess I can hold it in just a little longer! But you gotta make me a deal! If your health goes red even once I'm peeing! Not even if you manage to do a heal spell, because I seriously have to go pee so baaaaaaad."

"Okay you got a deal."

As Sora and his crew landed in the underworld of the Coliseum level I was fully distracted by Kirsten. She had stopped bouncing her leg and instead put both of her hands deep into her crotch. She was tightly pressing her round thighs together against her hands, trying as hard as possible to hold her pee.

"Duuuude, I got both my hands in my crotch like I'm a cartoon character. It's so baaaaad!"

I had an idea.

"You talking about your pee is distracting me from whooping Hades ass."

"Good! I'm gonna keep doing it! Oh by the way, did you know I have to pee extremely badly? My bladder has two whole margaritas in there, I can like, feel all the pee sloshing around."

I was so turned on. Her drunken, flustered face nervously was glued to Sora's health bar. She dug her hands as deep as they could into her crotch. I could hear denim rubbing on denim as she started grinding her legs together.

"Dude, see that Heartless right there?"

"Yeah?"

"The secret technique to beating them is stand really still and let it kill you because I seriously can't hold me pee any longer! I'm sorry but I'm peeing now or else I'm going to pee in my pants!!"

This was it. Somehow this all had been going well. I had no other cards left and my only move I could possibly make was to take a shot in the dark. I paused the game.

"Wait! Let me ask you one thing first!"

"Hurry up and ask me then I really can't hold it anymore."

"Can I watch you pee?"

My heart was racing. My head was hot from the alcohol and I could physically feel the intense beating in my chest.

Kirsten couldn't stop fidgeting around. She was crossing her legs now, her right leg very tightly folded over the other with her hands firmly buried in between them up to her wrists. She grinded her butt against the couch cushion as she talked.

"Ohmygod, why?"

"Because I have wanted to for a long time."

"But like, why dude? Why do you wanna watch me pee?"

"Because I think it's really hot when a girl is using the bathroom...and I also think you're really cute."

Kirsten anxiously uncrossed her right leg and moved her left leg tightly over in its place. It's positioning pulled her jeans tightly across her still fidgeting butt, exposing how round and curved it was.

"Well, you're kind of cute too! In like a friend way."

Kirsten started to say something then hesitated.

"You're not gonna…….you're not gonna like…...jack off to me or anything are you? Because if I let you watch me pee it's only because you've been my friend a long time and nothing else and you gotta respect that."

"I promise I'm just going to watch."

"Well...okay! But don't think just because I'm showing you my butt and legs that means you get to see it anytime you want! Just this one time okay?"

Kirsten couldn't look anymore desperate. She was already well past the limit of how long she could hold it and now she had been using extra ounce of willpower she had to keep it together.

"I almost peed while we were just talking now ohmygod, I'm crossing my legs but I think a little drop came out so let's go right now!!"

Kirsten launched off the couch onto her feet. She kept both hands firmly in her crotch as she ran over to the small bathroom. The Kingdom Hearts pause music quietly droned on as I followed.

She lifted up the seat and started to fumble with the button of her jeans.

"I won't close the door and I guess you can just like, stand here in the doorway. I'm literally giving you a front row seat here."

Kirsten undid her button and zipper and quickly slid her pants down to her ankles. I could perfectly see her underwear now. The light blue fabric was smoothly clung around her crotch.

She sat down as she pulled down her underwear. She instantly sighed in relief as I began to hear her heavy and forceful pee stream. My eyes were fixated on her thighs and slowly wandered down to her legs, taking in every curve and shape. All the while I carefully listened to her gushing urine splashing into the water.

Kirsten must have peed for at least fifty seconds straight. She didn't wipe and instead just did a little jiggle before standing up. Ever so briefly I glanced at her magnificent butt, as perfect as I imagined, for a few seconds before her underwear slid back over them, contorting into her buttcheeks and dipping into the crack. She pulled her pants back up.

"Sooo...did you like that?"

"Yes actually, it was….amazing."

"Well uh, I'm glad? This was kind of weird you know. You're not gonna tell anybody right?"

"I wasn't really planning on it. I mean, it was just a one time thing."

"You're blushing so bad dude!"

I could tell, my face was hot and undoubtedly flushed.

"Sorry, that was just very nice."

"Hey man what are friends for? But anyway, holy crap I feel SO much better now that I went pee. We're still playing Kingdom Hearts right?"

"Yeah!"

And indeed we did. We even had a little bit more to drink. Kirsten never mentioned anything about it again even though I'm sure she remembers it. Looking back, I probably shouldn't have done it. At the very least I enjoyed it immensely and my friendship with Kirsten hasn't changed nor my wife either. I doubt she would have cared honestly, but so be it. I hope at least you can appreciate the lengths I went through for a good story.

