Desperate Stories of a Doordash Driver

Author: GottaLoveCatz

*000*2022-01-03 18:05

During the pandemic I worked as a Doordash driver, which led to some interesting desperation situations, and I wanted to share. I worked in a relatively small suburban town in the depths of covid, so most places didn't have their bathrooms open to the public. With Doordash, there are no requirements for how long you work or when you take breaks, but at the time this was my main source of income so I was working full days. Generally this meant going from 9, 10 am until 8 or 9 PM without a bathroom break.

By the dinner rush my bladder was usually at a 7 or so, but, since it was usually pretty busy, it kind of distracted me. Once the rush ended around 8:00ish I was bursting. Sometimes I would just go home, but, since lots of people go home after dinner, there is good money to be made in the later evening. So sometimes I would grab my dick and stick it out for another hour or so. Waiting in a restaurant, bladder at a 9.5/10 staring at the bathroom with a big "out of order" sign was intense. Usually I'd be surrounded by other delivery drivers too. I never saw any super obvious desperation, but I could usually tell that we all needed to pee really bad.

I have more stories if y'all are interested, and I'd love to hear similar stories from others who did Doordash or something similar.

*002*2022-01-05 14:35

One of my favorite stories is one time I was absolutely bursting, more so than usual, and I knew I needed to pee otherwise I was going to have an accident. I pulled into what I thought was the parking lot of an abandoned building, got out of the car and started to unleash. Mid piss someone pulls into the parking lot, though. I have no choice but to pinch it off (very hard to do when you are totally desperate) and get back in my car and drive away. I was able to find a woodsy area pretty quickly to finish in, but wow was it difficult to not make a puddle in the seat.

*006*2022-01-09 15:24

{{On 1/6/2022 at 11:12 PM, huberp76 said:

I would like to hear more stories and experiences from you where you had to hold it. What was your longest time where you could not go?

}}

I think I went about 12 hours a few times. My bladder was definitely at max capacity when I did that. I was to the point that I was pinching my dick or else I would have peed.

*008*2022-01-10 00:36

{{3 hours ago, huberp76 said:

I think that you could not hide your need anymore after holding it for so long!?

Did anyone know that you was holding it for so long and that you was full to burst.

Did anyone see you fight against your urge and your desperation?

}}

No one ever commented on it, but it was definitely noticeable at times. I would definitely be waiting in a restaurant doing a little potty dance and grabbing at my crotch.

