Blanket makes me more willing to wet

Author: Gemgirl

*000*2018-05-01 22:35

With Omo I am more into desperation than wetting so I normally get really desperate but often go to the toilet when I feel really close to my limit. I ended up having a weird experience when I bought myself a cute little mermaid tail blanket.

I wore it while browsing online and soon felt the need to pee but was way to comfy to move so I thought, "Fuck it, I'm gonna do a hold."

As the pressure built up and I was squirming in my seat I wondered to myself when I was gonna give in a rush to the loo but as I got more and more desperate I still didn't want to get up and then had the naughty thought of not getting up and instead just holding it until I wet. It was weird as I had never intentionally wet before and never felt an interest to. Now I was sitting there squirming and trying to hold it as long as I could and weirdly also felt very comfortable despite my bladder pressing harder and I had one hand constantly on my crotch.

The pleasure just built and built until I could no longer hold and suddenly my whole body relaxed as I felt the warmth of my pee. It was a moment of pure bliss that moment of release and I don't know why simply wearing a comfy blanket made me more ready to experience this. This was my first intentional wetting and after washing the blanket I feel really tempted to do it again :)

*005*2018-06-07 23:54

Well, I decided to do it again. I can't believe it has been a while since the first time.

I dug out the blanket and sat down to relax, determined not to get up for a long time. I have spent the past few hours letting the pressure build up and now I am absolutely bursting.

*006*2018-06-08 00:47

And I just lost it. Had a fun time squirming under the blanket and letting it all go felt just as amazing this time. I highly recommend wetting a blanket, it feels so refreshingly warm and cosy.

*008*2018-06-08 12:12

{{8 hours ago, AD51 said:

@Gemgirl

That's a really interesting way to wet. Which makes me wonder, have you ever had a bed wetting?

}}

I have considered it. I normally prefer not to wet and weirdly a blanket makes me want to. I often hold my morning pee in bed for a long time if I don't have anywhere to be that day,

Never tried actually letting it get to the point of wetting.

*010*2018-06-08 14:03

{{31 minutes ago, NerqTheMighty said:

What kind of blanket was it, may I ask?

}}

I notice I only mentioned it once. It's a mermaid tail blanket in a very cute pink.

*012*2018-06-08 14:42

While not a normal routine for me as I don't live alone. I like to go though certain daily rituals as normal while absolutely desperate sometimes even setting myself goals before I allow myself to go. I have a different sleep schedule to my roommate so I do get plenty of chances to do stuff like that in the evening.

*014*2018-06-08 18:25

{{16 minutes ago, AshleyRay said:

Were you sitting on the blanket, or laying it on/across your lap? I could definitely see the cozy feeling of being in a blanket lead to other forms of relaxation and release.

}}

It's designed to almost be worn as you slide into it. Hence the mermaid tail look.

*016*2018-06-08 23:15

{{Just now, AD51 said:

Sorry, I meant if you ever had an sleeping accident. I asked because it'd be interesting if that had any reason to why you really liked wetting in a blanket. But I didn't realize that you weren't in bed when doing it.

}}

Not since I was a child. As for why the blanket worked... simple answer could be, it's comfy and I imagined it feeling really satisfying to wet which turned out to be true. I prefer to wear the blanket while in my computer chair.

*018*2018-06-17 21:54

{{On 6/15/2018 at 12:56 AM, thereaverofdarkness said:

Speaking of bed, have you ever noticed when you wake up, you suddenly have to pee more? I learned a fun trick you can play with: drink as much water before bed as you can sleep on, and when you wake up, deny yourself the restroom. If you do it right, you won't be able to wait very long, maybe less than a minute.

}}

While that does sound cool, the last part put me off a little. I like it when I can be desperate for a long while.

*020*2018-06-17 21:59

I prefer not wet too much. Cleaning up is the worst.

