Unintentional Desperate Journey To The Hotel

Author: gracie1807

*000*2024-02-29 22:49

This evening I was driving from work to a hotel about 2 hours away ready for an early morning flight. I drink really often at work, and pee like i once an hour. En route to the hotel picked up a bottle of lucozade which I had drank fairly quickly into the journey.

About half way I felt the slightest urge to pee, but with there only being an hour left, it didn’t worry me. However, after 15 more minutes I began to feel my bladder filling quite rapidly. I still wasn’t uncomfortable, but on a longer trip, I’d have began to find somewhere to stop.

When the sat nav ticked to 30mins to go, I was now 7/10. I was now torn between finding a place to stop and using one of my emergency empty bottles, or persevere and hope the urge doesn’t worsen. I battled on, part of me accepting the challenge, but I did say that I would stop if somewhere popped up, rather than pull off and actively look for somewhere to stop.

I hit the 15min to go mark and now i was a solid 8.5/10. I now knew that it was now or never to stop. But I was on a motorway with no services or rest areas. The hotel I was staying at was literally just off the motorway so I thought “just power through, and run in straight to the toilets”. I was now fully committed to my destination.

However, with 10 mins to go, I was at bursting point. I now realised that I was probably not going to make the toilet when I would arrive, and there was still nowhere to pull over. The only way I was going make it without fully losing control was to let some go into my black jeans. Without much effort, i let around 100ml go. A baseball sized wet patch appeared around my crotch, but as my jeans were black, it was not noticeable unless you were close.

I was now back down to around 7/10 and finally found my way into the hotel car park with my bladder now aching. I was now at the point where I was wet, so I may as well see where it goes. Rather than use a bottle in the car park or head straight for the toilets, I decided to head for check-in, my crotch now cool with wetness, covered by my duffel bag just incase someone could see.

I got through the front doors and was presented with a queue of around 5 groups. “We can do this, you’re not as bad as you were on the road” I said to myself. But you know when you’re doing a purposeful hold at home, you can endure the pressure a lot better, when in public, it’s a lot harder. As the first group was done, I found myself semi-frantically glancing around at where the toilets were, whilst people carrying pints of beer were walking past, not helping the situation at all! “Cmon, it’s fine, don’t lose your place in the queue”.

A few mins passed and the next group were done. I think I had bumped back up to 8/10 but given the situation my brain thought it was much worse. I let my guard down for a few seconds, distracted by my phone, and out came a leak. I gasped slightly but disguised it as a cough. I was really surprised as I have never leaked with my bladder as not-as-full as this. But at the same time it was all very exciting, and I think my bladder which had now been holding for a long time now was beginning to weaken.

The queue had reached the lady in front of me, and of course my luck, she couldn’t find her booking confirmation, so her check in took slightly longer. My bladder was now throbbing as bad as it had been in the car with the seatbelt across it. Although I was almost certain I was going to make it to my room without losing full control, the last leak forced me concentrate very, very hard. Finally it was my turn to check in and by this time I had everything ready so I was checked in within a few mins. The whole time I was leaning against reception’s counter with my leg bouncing, with the occasional discreet rub of my dick with my hand.

I began the walk to the lift and pressed the button. It was on floor two, and then proceeded to climb. As I sighed in annoyance, out came another leak in similar size to my release in the car. I quickly glanced down to see a small drop of pee break the jeans surface. It was time to make a break for the stairs. I was really surprised to not suffer with any leaks as I climbed.

As my room door came into sight, my bladder started to tell me it had enough and the urge shot to 9.5/10. This needed to be the quickest entrance and bag drop any hotel room had seen. I also had a small panic attack at the thought that my room key wouldn’t work. I think if that was the case I would have lost all control right there in the hallway.

Again, I have been so much more desperate than this and been bone dry, I just think with it being in public and it being over a fairly long period of time, my bladder was not playing along.

I got into my room, dropped my bag and turned for the bathroom. Another small leak shot out as I turned the light on. I was presented with a toilet with its seat down, and as I bent down to lift it up, the pressure on my bladder was too much and the flood gates opened. I still had a belt to unbuckle so rather than stand there and potentially pee all over the floor, I jumped in the shower and accepted my fate. Pee gushed out of me and into my boxers and jeans and the warmth was beautiful. As soon as I was finished, I turned the shower on and washed fully clothed.

I am going to put this down as my first public accident. In the past, I have never really had an uncontrollable accident, I have either just relaxed or have let a leak continue into a wetting. My only accident before this came from a hold at home. So even though this ended up with me wetting once inside, the build up was public.

I find it so weird that you can be less desperate but closer to an accident than when you do an intentional hold. I guess when you intend to hold you are mental prepared. An unexpected hold is much more difficult because you were not intending on doing it.

Needless to say, I had fun this evening!

*003*2024-03-01 05:20

{{2 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Great story. Although it hard to read as it’s black text. Maybe change that so it’s easier for others?

}}

That’s what just came up, no idea why or how to change

