Exams

Author: Guest beth

*000*2016-06-20 17:40

This happened a few weeks ago now, but I've only just got round to writing it up.

When I'm doing an exam I like to need a wee at least a bit for the whole thing. I find it helps me concentrate.

On this particular day I had an exam first thing, so I decided to allow myself a morning pee (I used to just hold it for morning exams but on one occasion I had an accident on the way to the exam and ended up doing it with an empty bladder.), put on a tena lady, and drank two cups of tea. I headed out of the house and got on my train to uni. The exam was quite a walk from the station, so I managed to finish my bottle of water before arriving and refill it there.

I went into the exam and sat down (flicking my skirt back so I was only sat on my knickers just in case.) I was at about a 6 or 7, which is what I like to aim for as it means I'm at 9 by the end of the exam, but this time for some reason my bladder filled up much much faster and I was at 10 with 30 minutes left of the exam, I had to keep going though as I was nowhere near finished.

By the time the exam ended I was in an incredible amount of pain, and the invigilators were taking forever to collect the scripts. I decided to let a little out to ease the pain, I relaxed, grateful I'd worn protection, and peed. But nothing came out. I was absolutely bursting, but couldn't seem to pee! I tried pushing, but nothing would happen. Completely unlike me, I've never been pee shy before. I put my hand underneath my legs and pulled the pad away from my body to trick myself into thinking I was on the loo, but still nothing would happen. At this point I was just praying it'd come out when I sat on a toilet, I was in so much pain!

Finally the invigilator said we could go. I waddled over to my bag, waddled out of the room, and to the ladies. There was a massive queue (lots of girls, hot day, lots of water, long exam), but I stood at the back waiting my turn, trying desperately to let some out. I could swear the girl in front of me was having an accident, I was so jealous, but it could have just been sweat (it was very hot.)

After five minutes of no movement I decided to try another floor. I got in the lift, pressed the button for the top floor, and went up. I was the only one in the lift so tried again to pee, hoping I could let some out without other people looking, but still no luck.

I stepped out of the lift on the top floor and looked for a toilet sign. gents on this floor, ladies on floor below. I walked around the corner and saw a man heading for the loo, I decided to head back and go downstairs, as soon as the lift started moving down I must have started leaking, I didn't realise at first, but when I stepped out of the lift I realised I'd filled my pad and was leaking down my legs, I stood still and tried to stop the flow, but at best decreased it, ran to the ladies, completely losing it on the way, and managed to get my knickers down for what felt like the majority of my bladder, but from the state of my pad and knickers, might not have been.

I changed into my emergency knickers, put a new pad on, and left to head back home and learn about how much your pelvic floor is weakened by a hold like that. (But I'll tell you about that in another post)

