Cute girl wet her pants laughing

Author: Guest

*000*2022-07-24 20:33

So I was on the bus the other day, in beautiful hot and sunny weather, and a seat ahead of me were a group of friends, three of them being girls. One of them, a cute blonde wearing jeans and a shirt, was sitting one seat ahead and opposite from me. They were chatting animatedly and laughing, and as we approached the bus and light rail terminal, she laughed a lot about something, bending forward, and suddenly exclaimed while laughing, "I'm peeing!". She stopped laughing after a couple of seconds and covered her mouth with her hand, and turned to look at her girlfriend sitting across the aisle, still covering her mouth with her hand.

Neither her nor her friends made much of a big deal out of it, which leads me to wonder if this happens frequently to her, or maybe they're just really good friends. Either way, she pulled one of her legs up and pulled the end of the pants leg up and sort of rolled it up a bit so that it was tight around her ankle, if you know what I mean, then did the same with her other leg. I wonder if she did it because she was afraid the pee would run down her legs when she got up, and she didn't want it running into her shoes.

We got off the bus and the girl who had had the accident fidgeted with her jeans, first pulling on them or something at the buttocks and then putting her hands on either side of her crotch as she looked down. I couldn't see any damage on the back, and I had no chance of seeing the front of her pants, and either way, I had a light rail car to catch, so I went and sat at a bench at the light rail stop, while they convened at a bus stop, behind a glass wall, where they were out of sight of most of the other travellers. Eventually they went inside a small building with a convenience store and some offices, probably so she could use the shop's bathroom. I'm pretty sure I saw a spot going up between her her buttocks, although it could've just been shadow.

The light rail car I was riding was pulling out of the station as I saw them re-emerge from the store, the blonde girl who had had the accident walking behind her friends. Wish the light rail could've arrived a moment later so I could've maybe gotten a look at her wet crotch, but either way, I consider this a great sighting and memory.

PS: in general, the recent uncharacteristically hot summers we're experiencing here in Bergen, Norway seem to be a bit of a "pee pants season". People seem to drink a lot of water due to the heat we're still not entirely used to, which in turn leads to desperation, leaks, and accidents. At least there's some positive aspects to the climate crisis 😛 .

