Friends Desperate Wetting

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-05-23 21:10

I just read a story on here and I had a similar experience so I thought I would share the story as I enjoyed remembering it. This tale takes place on my last day of high school which is now 8 years ago when I was 16. At the end of our final year we finished school 2 months early for “study leave” so we had time to finish off coursework and revise for exams then after exams had finished we had our Prom. On the last day we had to go in for an assembly with the school's headmistress and then some activities then we could leave at lunchtime.

In the spirit of it being last day we were allowed to wear what we wanted and a lot of people came in costumes and fancy dress and it was really fun. I didn’t wear a specific costume, I just donned a stupid wig,and some fun accessories and wore one of my school shirts so that people could sign it. My friends had done similarly and we all looked like a 60’s hippie band. One of the girls in my friend group, Claire, had decided on a short black pleated skirt to take on the “naughty schoolgirl” kind of look and I couldn’t help admiring her long slender legs all morning.

After the morning's activities and people had been round signing everyone else's stuff and writing messages in our yearbooks we were given a final speech by our head of year and then were dismissed. Our group of friends met outside and discussed what we were going to do. In the evening one of our friends parents had invited us for a bbq and a party to celebrate our last day but that wasn’t until later in the evening so we decided to walk down into the town centre and get a bus into the next town over. We got the bus and went to grab some lunch at Pizza Hut and afterwards wandered around town enjoying the beautiful sunshine and each others company. All the while I just found myself looking at Claire’s legs and now that we were outside I had the added enjoyment of getting flashes of her knickers as the wind kept blowing it up. Luckily she isn’t a shy person and didn’t care, she just found it funny. We wandered around for a couple of hours before deciding to get the bus back to our town.

When we got off the bus we headed to the park nearby where most of us lived to hang out. Whilst we were there we saw plenty of people from our school and after been there for about 3 hours we decided to head to our friends house for the BBQ. We grabbed our things and set off up the road towards her house. My first excitement of the day came when we were walking along and two people we know from school came around the corner. They asked us where we were heading and we told them and one of them told us they were going the others house because she really had to pee. The other girl and some of my group got into conversation about the day and what we had been doing and we found out the two girls had been with their group over on the playing fields all afternoon enjoying the sunshine and having a few drinks. As they talked I noticed the other girl kept crossing and uncrossing her legs which I was enjoying as I knew she had to pee.

Suddenly she crossed her legs tight and stuck her hand between her legs and laughing poked the other girl and said “I hate to break the conversation but can we get moving before I wet myself”. The other girl laughed and said “oh yeah sorry” and quickly finished her conversation. I just stood watching as she danced and squirmed and really wished I could have gone with her and watched her desperation. As we set off walking again a couple of our group mentioned needing to pee and I wasn’t surprised I too was feeling the effects of free refills at pizza hut. Unfortunately there was no obvious desperation and we got to my friends house and everyone went and used the bathroom.

We had a really fun night hanging out in the back garden. After the bbq we all sat round a fire we made and had a few drinks and enjoyed the high of finishing school. As it started getting late people started heading home or were being picked up. My mum knew where we were and hadn’t given us a curfew as she knew we were sensible and wouldn’t leave it too late. We said we were going to head home and Claire who lives near us said she would walk home with us. She mentioned going to the loo and stood up and walked off. I got up and went round saying goodbye to people and went to say thank you to my friends mum and dad and then came back outside. 

A couple of minutes after Claire came back and after saying goodbye we headed out of the gate and down the side passage. We set off walking up the main road and after a few minutes Claire suddenly slowed down and then stopped. We looked at her and she laughed and said “turns out I was wrong”. Me and my sister looked at each other looking for clarification but realised neither of us understood so asked her what she was wrong about. She told us that when she had gone to use the loo somebody was in the bathroom, she assumed our friends sister, and decided she could hold it till she got home as she didn’t want to keep us waiting, now however she was starting to doubt whether she would make it home.

It took a few moments to register what she has just said then as I watched her cross her legs it was like a switch clicked in my mind and I suddenly got major turned on. We told her she should have waited we wouldn’t have minded but she told us that when she found the bathroom occupied she had needed to go pretty bad but it wasn’t an emergency so decided to wait. We asked how bad she needed to go and she laughed and said “really really bad, I’m almost peeing myself”. Hearing her say that drove me crazy and I guessed it had done the same to my sister as she winked at me.

She stood for a moment before saying “okay, I’m good”. We continued walking and as we did she kept making sexy noises and little gasps and telling us how bad she had to go. She asked us if she would be able to use the bathroom at our house as we were nearest and we said she could. We turned onto a road and we could see the bottom of our road just down the way and she said “I should have definitely had a wee before we left, I’m absolutely bursting”. She was now walking slower and it was obvious she was trying to keep her thighs squeezed together.

We walked down the road and as we got to the bottom of our street she looked up towards our house and just said “oh god I can’t make it”. To this day I don’t know whether she actually had an accident or whether she just made the decision that she wasn’t going to make it to our house so it was pointless trying to. All I know is after making the above statement she squatted down and pulled up her skirt. I got a moment to look at her sexy knickers before a wet patch spread across the front of them and then a stream of pee shot through them and sprayed all over the floor. She opened her legs to obviously avoid peeing on them but all it did for us was give us a better view. I was stood open mouthed unable to stop staring at the sight in front of me. My friend was squatting in front of me with her legs wide open peeing into her knickers. The look of relief on her face was glorious and she let out a long low moan.

The stream continued coming and eventually died down until there were just a few trickles and drips. When they stopped she stood up and said “well that’s better”. She looked at us and then burst out laughing. She grabbed her skirt and pulled it up and said “is it bad”. She showed us the front of her knickers and then turned round and showed us her wet butt. Both me and my sister stood staring, completely lost for words. She was just stood there showing us her wet knickers oblivious to the powerful effect she was having us. We stuttered a sentence between us that the wet patch was pretty obvious but when her skirt was down it was covered. She looked at the river of pee which was streaming down the road and giggled and said “told you I had to go”. We all laughed then continued walking up the road.

We said we would walk her the short walk home and then double back on ourselves. When we got to her house we talked for a few minutes before she said goodbye and headed inside. Me and my sister walked back down to our house and all the way we could only talk about how hot what had just happened was. When we got home she went for a shower and I decided to just go lay on my bed and enjoy the feeling of my own filling bladder and replay the images over and over in my mind. As I did a thought occurred to me. I wasn’t aware of my friends sister being around all evening as she was out with friends and never saw her come home and wondered if she had actually found the bathroom occupied or if she had just decided to wait.

When she had wet herself she made no attempt to pull down or move her knickers, she just squatted and pee’d through them. All I could think was either she enjoyed wetting herself and had made up some cover story to explain her desperation or she knew about mine and Casey’s fetish and was giving us a show. I had no proof to back up either theory but I had a lot of fun thinking about both and wondering if they were true. The incident never came up when we saw her and I never asked her if she shared our fetish as It was an awkward subject to approach as she was one of my best friends. However I still wonder to this day if maybe she does share the fetish and is somewhere enjoying her own omorashi.

