Destroying the Evidence

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-03-15 22:31

I've been into omorashi for ages, but only recently have I started actually holding and doing challenges myself. I love the feeling of being full to the brim, absolutely desperate for a wee as I squirm back and forth. Even now, as I'm writing this, my legs are twisted together, as I have not peed in over 17 hours. My bladder is bulging out from my body, and I have to stop typing every once and a while to hold myself and moan.

It's always been a dream of mine to hand over bladder control or wet myself completely. However, there is one problem: I live with my parents plus a brother, and they don't know about my fetish. (No, telling them is NOT an option.) I have my own room, but what I'm most worried about is that one day I'll start squirting and won't know how to stop before completely peeing all over myself. (That day might be today if I'm not careful. God, I need a piss. )

Basically, I need some advice. I want to be able to have my own holding sessions where I can push myself until I burst. How do you guys "destroy the evidence" of your wetting? How do you keep it from getting everywhere and staining? (My floors are carpeted.) Ouhh, my bladder feels so full. Writing this has made me notice my urge even more. My crotch is throbbing, and maybe if I get some answers, today could be my first full (and purposeful) wetting experience.

*005*2019-03-16 01:25

{{16 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

First of all, I’m just gonna say that you have IMPECCABLE grammar for being being desperate for a pee. KUDOS "

}}

Thank you! I'm a writer/perfectionist, so it bugs me if it's not perfect. Unless I'm spurting uncontrollably, you better believe my grammer is at least decent.

Thank you for the advice. I've already had my session for the night, but I'll definitly keep that in mind.

*006*2019-03-16 01:43

{{23 minutes ago, Bombality said:

Also 17 hours?! how dehydrated  ar e  you ?

}}

Uhh, here's the thing. I left my water bottle at home, so very. (I know, it's not healthy. I'm trying to get better.)

*008*2019-03-16 14:21

{{30 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

Hey, let us know how your next session goes yeah?   

}}

Of course.

