I asked daddy to control my bathroom privileges;; (+video!)

Author: glitter-vomit

*000*2016-05-08 16:02

Ooook im super embarrassed and shy about this being my first post and with a video and all, buuut you gotta start somewhere;;

Earlier i sent daddy a little hint about controlling when i can go to the bathroom, because i get way too embarrassed about being direct with stuff like that. after a little more of me being a flustered mess, daddy had me admit that, yes, i wanted him to tell me when i could go. at first he said "you can only go every two hours from now" which meant i could go in about 20 minutes. i got a little brave and also a teeny bit bratty and replied "oh only two hours?" and he upped it to four !! i sat back all pouty when i realised i should have kept my mouth shut, and looked miserably at the clock. daddy said i could go at eight, which was in exactly four hours.

I was already pretty desperate at that point, and i made it clear and said "i might not be able to hold it until then" and daddy just said "well then you'll have to wet yourself."

I got pretty grumpy because i had just gotten out of the bath, and i didnt want to have to clean up all over again (i had no choice though....) and so i just tried to sit through it. i got pretty fidgety really fast and it felt really good. even though no one was around i still got super nervous and everything;; i really love the humiliation and embarrassment from it all eep;

Anyway i didnt want to have a real accident,, not today anyway because my parents could have been back home any minute, so i quickly gathered up a bunch of towels i'd used after my bath and laid them on the floor. daddy said he wanted to see me wet myself in a skirt,, so i did just that (i rlly dislike how my legs look?? hmm but it felt too good to really care that much)

I tried rly hard not to let it all out at once; daddy was going to see the video and i didnt want it to be over in like five seconds. i got super flustered and fell even further into littlespace when i could actually hear it hitting the floor !! my skirt didnt get all that wet and you cant see it too well because its black, but the tops of my tights got soaked and it felt so good.

I was nowhere near the time i could have gone to the bathroom to avoid making a mess;; but its not like this isnt what daddy wanted.

WIN_20160508_161327.MP4

