Semi-public accident/humiliation

Author: Guest

*000*2022-07-19 22:33

(Honestly, I was into it, but it definitely wasn't planned)

I was on one of those swings that hang from a tree branch and listening to music while chugging down some soda. I was there for a long time, like enough time to listen to all the Jojo openings twice (lol) I decided I was gonna do some holding, and when I was just about done, I challenged myself to standing on the swing while desperate, which was a lot harder to keep balance on than I'd imagined it would be, and I was starting to lose it, but just then, my dad walked out to go to the store, stopping by me to let me know first. I couldn't make a move to hold myself or anything like that, so I had to quickly drop down to hide the leaking. 

Once he was gone, I figured I could salvage the situation, or, at least, my shorts, so I went inside to use the restroom. It was occupied. I tried to wait, but I was really starting to loose it, so I looked for anywhere private, but since we'd just come back from a vacation, the house had life feed security cameras everywhere in and around it, I could only go to the front yard, as I didn't want to be caught on camera in such a predicament. I began to panic and backed myself against a big tree beside the neighbors fence and our shed and tried to think of a remedy for the situation while I delayed the inevitable, crossing and uncrossing my legs.

I really hoped nobody was watching from the houses across the street (or anywhere, for that matter). It wasn't long before I lost control and kind of just let my body fall onto the ground in a crooked sitting 'w' position and pissed in the grass. Still a little in shock, I kind of just sat there in the little puddle thinking of what to do. Defeated and embarrassed, I took the only way out I could think of.

I took of my shirt (Which was also pretty humiliating for me, as I've never really taken my shirt off like that outside due to insecurity about my pot belly), wrapped it around my waist, and made my way to the pool in the back yard. I dipped myself in the chlorinated water to mask the accidents look and smell and put my shirt back on before going inside to finally push off the soaked clothing, as the bathroom was open again. What a day!

