My Male Friend Desperately Soaking Himself in my Kitchen

Author: Guest StrwbryMilkTae

*000*2021-02-03 00:29

Soooo!!! Here's another story. My first about anyone else lol. Today I'll be telling the story of how one of my best friends peed himself lol. Let's just call him Josh for now lol.

Here's a description of "Josh" for right now lol:

Long, black hair, split down the middle (Search agust d - daechwita, the dude that comes up has the same hair as him. Idk what the cut is called tho.)

Wearing a black tee shirt tucked into light-wash, regular-fit jeans that had minor rips in it. A black belt with a silver buckle was also worn on him. Silver Nose ring and hoop earrings. (Like boy hoops not slut hoops lmao) and a silver lip ring on the left side.

He's Japanese with his skin tone more on the fair side and he's kinda cute? Idk. I don't talk abt friends that way lol. But he has black eyes eyes and his nails were painted black as well. His hands are pale, veiny, and slender.

Anyways... That's "Josh."

So, I was on a walk with Josh back to my apartment because we wanted some fresh air. He had downed about a liter of water now that I think about it lol. Who would've thought he'd pee that everywhere? lol. When we returned back to my apartment, we figured that we'd go to the mall or something to hang out for a while since we hadn't seen each other in like... 2 months and we wanted to catch up.

At the mall, he drank a venti iced coffee from Starbucks as well as a large soda from this other place in a period of 2 hours. I wasn't thinking about it at the time though because... well, why would I? But anyways... At this point... He had already consumed over 2 liters to nearly 2.75 liters without peeing. As he finished his soda, I was starting to pick up on how much he was drinking and I was just thinking about how full his bladder was going to get. Not in a sexual way, but I was concerned.

He must've read my mind because literally 2.5 minutes later he announced, "I'm gonna take a piss, real quick. Can you wait for me?"

"Oh, yeah. Of course. Go ahead."

"Thanks."

And without another word, he was dashing for the restroom. Despite the fact that he was taking a break for the bathroom, he didn't wait that long and we all know that one trip to the toilet wasn't going to empty and drain 2.75 Liters of liquid from your system. And he hadn't eaten anything either because we ate about an hour before he drank all that water.

When he came back, he thanked me for waiting, and he asked if I had to go. I did. But as I've mentioned, I'm too shy to pee in public. But it wasn't urgent even a little bit, so I told him 'no' and held it.

We decided to leave the mall about 25 minutes later and frankly, I was surprised he didn't want to excuse himself again. But I mean... Would you go pee for the second time in one hour in front of a friend you haven't seen in 2 months? I think he was probably just embarrassed because there was no way he didn't feel the urge to go again.

This thought was proven very wrong when he got into the driver's seat of his car and downed an entire 500 mL bottle of water... I was literally tripping out and wondering if he had a bladder of steel or something lol.

When we started the car and got onto the freeway, there was major traffic. Like... Major. Idk... It took hours to get through. I think... maybe almost 3?

"Fuck... I don't wanna wait here," He complained. "Me neither."

We talked a bit about random things and played some music, singing along for a while. But after about an hour and a half, he got kind of quiet. I thought it was because of me because I had completely forgot about everything he drank.

"Joshie? Are you okay?" I asked him after 10-15 minutes of agonizing silence.

"'m fine..." he muttered.

"You sure?"

"Yeah. I'm fine, Jessi."

"Okay..." I could tell that he was getting a little bit irritated with my questions so I shut my mouth.

His grip on the steering wheel looked painfully tight. His knuckles were whiter than they already appeared to be and he looked really uncomfortable. Then, out of nowhere, his leg started to jiggle. I still didn't catch on, even looking right at him. I don't know what I was thinking.

Josh had his legs pressed tightly together and one hand strangling the steering wheel, while the other squeezed his thigh tightly.

Another 45 minutes went by and he was getting more and more quiet and tense.

"Thanks for coming out with me," I said, trying to break the awkward silence.

"Mmh."

"Are you okay?"

I really started to think that I did something wrong. I thought he was upset at me. I don't know why. Guess I'm just insecure.

The whole car was shaking as his leg bounced up and down rapidly. He seemed to be getting fuller by the second.

"I'm okay.." He replied to me dryly.

Now... It was getting really bad and he was squirming. Now, I knew he needed to go piss. He was openly grabbing himself and even asked if I could find a bottle on the ground. ( I didn't btw)

"Fuck... I need to piss so bad!" He shouted.

"I can't fucking hold it!" He seemed like he was in a lot of pain.

I could tell that his bladder was in pain and he needed to relieve himself. He's not into Omorashi. Like... at all. So he never holds his bladder. His body is used to just peeing when he needs it, but he didn't have that opportunity now, so he couldn't handle the amount of pressure put on his lower abdomen.

"Can you hold any longer, Josh?" I asked.

"I don't know..." His voice came out desperate and strained. He needed to pee very, VERY badly.

"I need to pee so bad right now.. Fuck." He cursed.

"I'm so sorry..."

"Don't be. It's not your fault." He sounded like he was in so much pain that he couldn't focus anymore. And I don't blame him... He had way too much to drink without pissing.

Nearly 2.5 hours went by before we started driving again. It took almost 20 minutes to get off of the freeway where we needed to be.

"Holy shit. I'm gonna pee." He muttered desperately.

I didn't say anything. Just looked at him. I didn't feel turned on, really because he was nearly crying out in pain. I felt horrible watching him hold his hand between his crotch as his eyes welled with tears of pain.

We were about 7 minutes away from my apartment building and he couldn't hold. He needed to piss. He told me that he was embarrassed and just wanted to pee because it was getting too urgent for him to handle. I encouraged him to hold it in his bladder because we were almost there.

Once arriving at the building, we made our way into the elevator. He squirmed and shook the whole thing, but that was the least of his worries at the moment.

I saw a small leak of pee slide down his left leg. I know this is weird, but he told me that his dick is always on the left side. So, his left pant leg got soaked first. Just saying!

He looked as if he was paralyzed in physical pain as I turned the key in the knob of my door. "Jessi... Please hurry!" He begged desperately. I got the door opened properly and he rushed in and only made it through the front hall and just before the hall to the bathroom. He stopped completely, leaning on my kitchen counter.

"Fuck," He muttered.

Pee started to gush down his left pant leg as he cursed and swore at himself for letting it get this bad. Then, he started to completely soak his jeans, letting the flood, humiliatingly soak his jeans, turning them a dark color.

"I'm so sorry, Jess..."

"It's okay. Just let it out. I know you've been holding for a while."

He let the rest of his piss, blissfully pour out of his bladder, through his urethra and onto my kitchen tiles lol. He let out a big, long sigh of relief, instantly sounding better.

He finished up with a low groan that, lowkey, kind of turned me on a bit.

"I'll wash those clothes for you, and you can shower," I offered.

"Are you sure? That sounds like a lot to ask for?"

"You didn't ask. I offered."

And just like that. The floor and his clothes were cleaned up by me, but little did Josh know, it didn't bother me at all lol. He was extremely humiliated and apologized a thousand times. Josh openly admitted to how embarrassed he was and said that he's going to always pee now and never drink that much again lol. That's my story. This occurred on 20210202. Lol.

