Holding while working out

Author: GildedMermaid

*000*2025-07-12 01:38

A couple of months ago I found myself needing to go pee but I was already preparing my home workout. But I wanted a bit of a challenge and therefore instead of going to the toilet I filled up my water bottle. And since I wasn’t sure I wasn't going to leak I put on a swimsuit as I could easily afford to get that wet since I wouldn’t need in the next days.

Well then I finally started the workout and drank around a cup after every second or so exercise. It very quickly became a very difficult situation. Already during the first short breaks I was kinda hopping around and holding my crotch already.

As I was approaching the last quarter of the work out the squats started. And I don’t know how much that contributed to what happened next but it probably at least did a little. So after I was done with them I was barely holding it during the break that followed. Well at least I thought that but then my swimsuit got a bit wet. And a bit more. And then I started leaking onto my workout matt. Even though I managed to stop the floodgates from opening a few small puddles formed on the matt and some started running down my legs.

Now though the break was over and next on the schedule were abs and back for which I had to lower myself onto the matt. Luckily I had enough space to not be forced into my pee puddles but I must admit that doing sit ups directly next to small puddles of your own pee while still holding the rest was really hot. I think I managed to hold the remaining pee in for the last few minutes of the workout. Even through the plank position I was holding right above one of the puddles. Finally I was done and subsequently went into the shower and allowed the rest to flow out through my swimsuit.

I haven’t repeated this challenge since then but I probably should do it again sometime soon. I think I have a rather small bladder btw and seem to not be able to hold that long but I honestly have not been actively holding that much. Maybe once a week for a few months now.

I hope this was a good first experience to share. Sadly I don’t have any images of it. I hope you enjoyed reading it in spite of that ❤️

