My Wife's First Time Trying A&W (And Regretting It)

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2020-02-09 11:02

My town has a modest sized mall. By this point two of the anchor stores have closed and the inside has many empty storefronts, but what it still there is a decent escape to spending more money than you wanted.

Like almost any mall there is a food court. After sitting empty for an entire year, the largest restaurant space re-opened as an A&W. If you don't know what A&W is, it's basically trying to be an orange colored rip-off of Culver's. If you don't know what Culver's is, then you're not from the midwest and I feel bad for you.

But really, it's just some very average burger and fries type of place but their not very common here in Minnesota and even more, it's right in town. This was a year ago, my wife and I had only been married for about five months. I still remember the day fondly.

We decided we were going to check out the new A&W and then walk around the mall a bit and maybe even run some errands. My wife looked amazing. It was the middle of August, in Minnesota this is basically the last of the hot weather before it gets ridiculously cold. She had on a pair of black jeans that hugged her figure. Her wide thighs had every curve highlighted from the form fitting shape, and the large, smooth curves of her butt were tightly wrapped into the black denim. They were tight on her butt that you could clearly see the outline of her underwear through them, and more so they were heavily contoured to the individual curves of each of her butt cheeks.

She wore her new tortoise shell glasses and an mustard yellow crop top that day, it wasn't cropped too high and exposed a very modest amout of her midriff. I had convinced her not to wear a bra out so her breasts truly were flopping around everywhere. She was looking fine as fuck and I had already been feeling her legs up during the car ride over as she was driving.

Once we got to the mall my wife had to pee. She Snapchatted me a picture of her on the toilet while I was waiting for her that really turned me on. We were out in public so I was trying my best not to be fully torqued. Unfortunately, the rest of the night would indeed leave me trying to hide the fact that I was most certainly fully torqued.

Like I said before the food from A&W is average at best, their root beer floats are the only thing worth it. I don't remember the exact details of my wife's order but I can tell you it was a burger of questionable quality. I didn't think anything of the food she ate at the time, mostly because she drank a huge ass root beer float and I was excited for when she would have to pee from it.

The only real reason the mall is even open is because one of its anchor stores is a Target. That brings in almost all the traffic really. It was a typical busy Saturday day there. The two of us we perusing the wax melts when my wife, who was pushing the cart, stopped suddenly. She took a quick look behind to make sure no one was there and said to me, "Heh, put your hand on my butt, quick."

I, being the horn dog I am, politely took her up on the other. Right as my hand felt the curve of her butt, she ripped a massive fart, I felt it go through my fingers. It was very stinky and she immediately started walking away. "There's gonna be a lot more where that came from. You better get ready for me to crop dust all these aisles. My stomach feels a little weird."

I was so aroused, but I tried to keep my composure. Several more times, she ripped very bubbly and smelly farts as we walked through the store. We probably meandered around for about 20 minutes before headed over to the self checkouts. As we were making our way over to an open machine my wife said to me, "Uuf Da. I think all my farts were holding a shit back. Now that I let them all out I can feel it starting to come down. You should bag this stuff up quickly so I can get home."

My wife's second mistake was telling me to move with some urgency, her first was definitely eating A&W. She gave me shit for intentionally taking my sweet time and we headed out. We had to walk through to the entire other side of the building to get to our car. About half way there my wife started holding my hand way too tightly, and starting to walk ahead of me. "Come on, don't walk so slow. I wanna get home."

"Why is that?" I asked. "Uhhh, no reason. Absolutely no reason at all." She nervously was playing with one of the curls of her hairs as we stepped out into the parking lot. "Can I drive?" I asked. I should point, I only have a learner's permit. My wife is teaching me how to drive and often lets me drive us places.

"Ugh. No, not this time. Just let me drive." Of course, I protested. "Sure. So I'm just never gonna get my license I guess since I have nobody else to help me practice." She took the bait perfectly. "Alright, alright, you can drive. Please just drive normal, do drive slow."

I put our purchases in the trunk and buckled up. As my wife buckled her belt her exposed stomach gurgled a little. She looked at me with puppy dog eyes. "I really have to poop. Like, seriously dude, I feel it poking my butthole. Can you please just go home the quick way?"

"Alright, fine. But you have to tell me how bad it is while I'm driving." My wife looked genuinely relived, "I can do that! Maybe it'll distract me from the massive turd in my butt right now." I went off her as I started driving home.

"It's not diarrhea?"

"No actually, I can tell. It's a really big turd and it's super uncomfortable."

"Mmmmm, very nice. What are you doing to hold it?"

"Oh god, don't make me tell you."

I immediately started driving slower.

"It's embarrassing!"

"Oh whoops I think my foot skipped off the gas a little.'

"Fine, only because I love you. I'm having an urge right now and it's very bad. I can feel it trying to come out and I'm clenching my butthole really tight! God, and I keep clenching my butt cheeks together really hard. I'm glad I'm sitting down because it's helping me hold it in. Now drive!"

Her descriptions were really getting me, as these kids say, hot and bothered. Every red light and stop sign I was glancing over at my wife's curves in her black jeans. Thankfully we don't live super far away. I opened the truck and went to grab the stuff we bought, which she quickly ran to the front door waiting for me. "Come on you slow bastard, some of us have to take a shit here!"

"You know your letting me watch." I said as I unlocked the door. She quickly untied her Doc Martin's "Yeah I don't care, but I'm going now! I can't hold it in anymore!" I quickly followed behind her, watching her butt with every step, every jiggle, into the bathroom. I was very turned on by watching her unbutton her black jeans and swiftly pull them down to her knees in one motion.

As she sat down, immediately I started to hear the loud crackling and squishing of her poop coming out. Several turds splashed into the water and the stench radiated in the entire small bathroom, and into my nostrils.

"Hold on, I have to push for this last one."

I started rubbing my erection quite nicely as my wife, with a few very cute gasps, pushed out the last turn with the very loud and airy fart. The bathroom smelled terrible, but it was very pleasant for me. I was so turned on thinking about how cute my wife was on the toilet, thinking about how such a cute, short woman took such a disgusting and smelly shit, it was pure ecstasy.

My wife left me take a quick peek at all her poop and shitty toilet paper in the bowl before she flushed it down. I wish I could have jacked off looking at it, but she still hasn't let me do that one yet.

She felt much better afterward, but still had many more farts inside her, of which I got to enjoy her ripping them all night.

That's certainly not the most desperate to poop my wife has been, I'm saving that story for when the time is right 😈. But, that said, she did tell me it was very difficult to hold it in all the same.

$

