Bladder torture

Author: Guest CwalkPinoy

*000*2017-10-31 06:25

I was with my girlfriend, but we had a predicament. i'd been watching omorashi videos since i was about 12. it was how i learned how to masturbate. i never thought about sex. as a result, i could make her climax, but i couldn't cum, myself.

Needless to say, this put her off a bit. she asked me what i needed to be "happy".

Well, i wasn't one to deny her such an answer. it was for my own benefit. so i told her all about it.

A few nights later, we went to sleep, on a few pills and other mind-altering substances. i'd had an autistic meltdown that night and she wanted me to sleep peacefully.

She woke me up around 11:30 in the morning, but i couldn't stay up. i kept phasing in and out of sleep and she had to prod me awake.

She said she had to pee. now i was awake.

I grabbed her and did what we mostly did, a lot of body worship. kneading her belly and kissing her all over, tasting her skin.

She enjoyed it, but she said again that she had to pee.

I asked her how badly, but she didn't know any physical signs so i knew whatever answer she gave was bullshit.

I told her i was gonna make her have to go, and then i'd let her. she agreed, and i began to torment her.

I started by tickling her armpits to get her in a ticklish mood. she was extremely ticklish. i have no idea why, but she was. she kept pushing me away from her, but i could do something better, anyways.

Periodically throughout this ordeal, i would ask "what's wrong?" if she said "nothing" with her puppy eyes, as she normally did, i knew it wasn't time yet.

I worked my way down to her stomach. i pressed on it and she would grimace in pain. i kept checking verbally to see if she was ok. she wasn't showing any physical signs other than being in pain from the torture, so i continued.

I went to her bladder. but my own experience told me to be VERY careful. the pain was like needles. she moaned a bit. she said that it hurt, but in a good way. i continued to ask her "what's wrong?" and she would say "nothing!"

I continued. this time i found her kidneys acted as both a tickle spot and a bladder spot. she began to spasm, and she breathed very heavily during the torture. she said she had to go really badly now. i knew she wasn't ready yet and told her that she would have to endure it a bit longer.

At this point i climbed on top of her. she was fully naked, i was still fully clothed. i had gotten dressed before this started.

I sat on her stomach and shifted my weight around. her hands scrambled for her crotch to hold herself but she couldn't reach. she crossed her legs with me on top of her and screamed I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM!

I leaned down close to her and began to kiss her. i told her "those are the words i was looking for."

She seemed to understand, but i wasn't done yet. she began to struggle, so i knew it was nearly time to let her go. i went harder than ever and constantly checked with her to make sure she was ok.

"what's wrong?"

"nothing! but... i have to pee really bad."

I told her that she was nearly done. i just wanted a bit more. i sat on top of her bladder again, this time putting full pressure on her.

She began to say "oh no..."

I knew those words but didn't believe she was peeing herself. i checked her crotch. it was drenched, but not from pee.

She breathed really heavily. crossing her legs and writhing beneath me. she threw me off of her (she was quite a bit stronger than me. i couldn't do much about it.)

I decided to take a break while she kept her legs crossed and her face was contorted in pain.

"i have to go to the bathroom... i have to pee so bad."

I simply embraced her for a bit as she sat up. i didn't want her to pee the bed, but i wasn't completely done yet.

"you have to go home soon."

I disheartened a bit. i didn't want to leave, especially not when i was so close.

I told her she could use the bathroom. i knew i couldn't dominate her in strength, and she wasn't having it.

She walked into the bathroom and tried to close the door. i kept it open.

"i'm gonna watch you."

"oh, is that the part you like?"

Even though it wasn't, i said "sure" just to see what would happen.

"fuck it" she sat down on the toilet and doubled over.

"i have to pee so bad, but i can't do it in front of you."

"you'll do fine if you have to go so badly. if not, we can play some more."

She sat there for a good bit, but i blocked the door. i was gonna watch.

I noticed the sink and thought "well, it works in the cartoons."

I turned the water on to a decent stream, not too powerful.

"you're a dick."

I stood there and let it work its magic. i heard a trickle of urine splash into the toilet.

I adjusted the water to be a bit quieter, but not completely off.

She flipped me the bird and said "that's all you get!" with a confident smile.

"that can't be all you had."

I continued to stand there, water still running.

I heard a decent stream go into the toilet as she hung her head in defeat.

"ok, now we're done."

