Wetting while driving back from Florida

Author: Gamerman

*000*2022-03-31 15:44

So I don’t think I have actually posted this story on here before when I thought i did, so If I did then apologies for a repost.

So this was about 4ish years ago or so.

I had gotten up late afternoon on the day I had planned to head back to South Carolina from a nice vacation with my family in Florida. I had spent about a week in Florida and had to work the next day and I typically get up around midnight/1am to hit the road since there are less cars and cops on the road that I have to worry about but since I had stayed up late the night before I got up later than usual. I do my usual morning routine which is brush my teeth. Pee. Shower and get some clothes on. I put on some jeans and a T-shirt and brought my bags downstairs to pack in my car. I eat some breakfast with my grandparents and chat with them for a bit before finally hitting the road around 2:30pm. 

I always stop at the gas station first to fill up on gas, get a redbull or 2, a water and some snacks for the road. I go in, get my redbulls and water along with some sour gummy worms and lifesaver mints. I walk back to my car, get in and hit the freeway. Im listening to music and open up one of my redbull’s already because they are always best when cold. I have about a 6 hour drive ahead of me which is pretty easy to drive and I only stop once close to the border of Georgia or shortly after geeing into South Carolina.

Im drinking my redbull and listening to some Eminem when I see hit some traffic randomly only 30 minutes into my drive. I didn’t have any urge to pee at this point so all was good. I eventually get through the traffic which took about 45 minutes and im back to driving. I had already finished my first redbull and start sipping my 1L water bottle I bought. Now about 2 hours later into my drive I'm just exiting Florida when I start to feel a slight urge to pee but nothing terrible. I was about a 4/10 on the desperation scale so I was good. I continue driving and open up my second redbull since I figured hey, ill make my other stop and go to the bathroom and get gas so It will be alright. I chug down my redbull and listen to more music eating some candy. By this point I’m in the middle of Georgia and that redbull had started to hit my bladder a bit. I could start to feel the need to pee increase but at the same time I was having a lot of fun so I kept holding it and driving.

I hit the last gas station of my drive about 10 minutes from the border, pull in and get out. As soon as i stood up i felt gravity push down on my bladder and i went from a 5/10 straight to a 7/10. I started filling up my car and put the gas nozzle back. At this point i want to go in and go to the bathroom and grab another snack, I looked at the gas station as i was closing my gas lid, and decided “nah, lets see if I can make it home” I get in my car and hit the road again. I was having too much fun with the feeling of needing to pee to be bothered and ruin the mood so I decided to risk it, whats the worst that could happen right.

So I'm driving and i finally reach the border of South Carolina around 7pm so its still pretty sunny out, and what do you know… major. Major traffic. I looked at the line of cars that were nearly bumper to bumper in a complete stop for what looked like a couple miles. Thats when I knew, I probably should have gone pee at the gas station because this was not looking good at all for me. I sighed and shrugged my shoulders and said to myself “well, time to put on a movie I guess” I picked up my phone and put on a movie and rested my phone on the phone holder attached to my air vent. I sit there watching John Wick I believe it was, while moving up inches every couple minutes. I could feel my bladder feeling more and more full and not being able to hold myself at the moment due to my windows not being tinted in that car and still having the sun out which means someone next to me could possibly see me holding my crotch which I was not about.

About 45 minutes go by and I finally start moving and the lanes clear up, I put my GPS back on my phone and get to driving with my music. The sun is just about setting so I shove my hand in my crotch and hold myself hard. I was seriously starting to question my decision of not going to the bathroom at the gas station at this point but I was determined and yet still having fun, all of this was making the drive seem faster than it usually felt. So I’m driving and about an hour from home which means I take the exit from the freeway that leads me to an hour of backroads and no cars, perfect! I get off I-95 and at this point I’m moving my leg back and forth, holding myself and trying not to leak any. 

I get to a stop sign and undo my belt, unbutton my jeans and unzip the front so it’s easier on my bladder snd then go back to holding myself over my briefs. So I'm driving with one hand, holding my crotch with the other, slightly hunched over and bouncing my left leg. I can feel the pee at the tip wanting to come out while I’m sighing and breathing semi heavy every minute or so. I get to another stop sign and sit there for a minute since I’m the only car on the road holding myself with both hands when I feel a spurt escape, warming up the palm of my hand and pee spreading around my crotch slightly. It felt so good but made it so much worse, i keep holding it and then i let go of another spurt but longer this time feeling it rush through my fingers and making a big wet spot on my briefs about the size of a large softball. I regain control, wipe my hands and start driving again.

45 minutes left of the drive, its night so i cant go as fast around the curvy back roads since I have tk watch for deer and other animals. I have both hands on the wheel now and kept telling myself in my head “I can make it home at least. Thats all I gotta do is get inside” then i feel another spurt come out, making my briefs warm and wet yet again, a couple drops running down the inside of my thigh to my pants. I hold myself again and gain some sort of control for a second. I can’t sit still at this point at all and have 15 minutes left of the drive. 

My pants are still unzipped and open and i can see the wet spot is bigger than before so I’m thinking to myself “how much can I let go before it shows on my pants a lot” I’m thinking, and thinking and relax and let some out. Peeing about 3 seconds of a full stream, the pee gushing out into my hand through my fingers again and spreading around me. I feel small streams run down my leg, and down the sides of my hips. Im getting soaked and still feel like I’m at a 9/10. The gift and curse of having a big bladder. I stop the flow and look down seeing a wet spot now on my jeans by my pockets from the pee going to the sides of my hips.

“Ok no more until i get home” finally I pull into my apartment complex and around to my apartment building. I back into a parking space and turn off my car looking around to make sure no one is around to possibly see the wet spot on my jeans. No one is around so i have my keys, I zip up my pants, screw the bags, i speed walk up to the 3rd floor and start getting my key trying to unlock my door all while standing still not trying to give anything away that I am about to pee my pants. As I’m putting the key in my lock I feel It. My muscles are now too weak to hold it any longer. I feel pee escaping from the tip and getting into my briefs and spreading around my crotch. I unlock the door now starting to feel streams running down my legs, warming my jeans and darkening them as well. 

I step inside, shut the door and take off my shoes and stand there next to my sofa. I fully let go not holding anything back as i start full on peeing myself. A huge puddle is forming at my feet and all around me. My jeans turn from a navy blue to a near black color as I see the glistening of the wetness still coming out in the front of my pants. It felt truly amazing both on my bladder and on my legs and crotch. I peed for almost 2 minutes full force until I felt my bladder was now empty and I’m looking at the puddle under my which was no kidding about 6 ft in diameter. I was full to the max. Now I take off my pants, wipe off and put some new briefs on and some shorts to go get my bags and grab some towels to wipe up the mess I just made which took about 3 towels soaked fully. I put them in bags and started laundry in the meantime excited for the next time I decide to do this again on my way back home.

*002*2022-03-31 23:57

{{1 hour ago, wannagetwet said:

This was SO hot to read

}}

Why thank you I’m really glad you enjoyed it

