Did Omo for the 1st time w/ a partner

Author: G0p1ssgrl

*000*2024-02-25 17:25

So, I hit a lot of firsts this weekend!

Last summer, I had one of the hottest nights in my life where I ended up confessing my omo kink to my partner and he was immediately on board. He was cross-country on vacation at the time, and we ended up staying up all night texting about our respective kinks (I’d already known about his - weight gain - but he ended up disclosing a bit more). At this point, not another human soul knew about this as I had just come to the realization myself not that long ago, and as soon as I told him, he was already coming to the table with ideas (I’ll have to make a separate post just about that conversation alone - it was truly one of the best nights of my life). The conversation went so well, that he cut his trip short by a day just so he could get back here to me faster!

One of the first suggestions he came up with was “What if I made you drink a lot of water, so much so that your belly sticks out (my belly is his favorite physical part about me), then I tied you down and played with you until… well, you get the rest.” I thought I had died. I already had under-the-bed restraints, and probably a couple months after this suggestion I bought a Liberator throw blanket, which might be one of my best purchases at this point. I was so excited yet so nervous by this idea, so I kind of kept putting it off… until last Friday night.

He had come over and we were making drinks for ourselves. I’m pretty lightweight, so I’ll only ever have one at a time, and got a little tipsy. He said “hey, I think you should drink some water…” and at first I was offended. “Geez, I’m fine, I’ll sober up in like, 20 minutes.” And then he picked up the water glass, filled it, and gently pushed it into my hands. “I don’t think you’re understanding me… You haven’t gone to the bathroom since I got here.”

Ohhhhhhhhhhh.

We continued our evening. Went on a walk, had dinner, and went back to my room where we started to watch a show. I noticed laying in bed that I started to really have to go, but was afraid to say anything - what if he lost interest? What if he didn’t?

I folded my blanket in half and moved it under me. I was bouncing my leg a little to help with the ever-growing pressure. Truth be told, I don’t like desperation or holding it past an uncomfortable point, although I have a pretty strong bladder. I knew I had to say something - maybe I’ll just ask him to pause the show while I get up to go to the bathroom.

So I sheepishly tapped him on the shoulder. “Hey… I really have to go.”

”Oh really?”

”Yeah.”

He paused the show and got on top of me. He put on sexy music and said “You’re not getting up until you wet the bed. It’s okay - I can help you with that.” As he tied down my legs, he chuckled at the blanket already being under me. “I see you were already getting ready.” I was wearing Barbie pink underwear and a pale pink bra. He got off me and grabbed my vibrator and started using it on me, and pushing down on my bulging stomach. I still deal with a great deal of mental blocks when it comes to my sexuality, so even though I really had to go, being massively turned on suddenly closed the floodgates, making it really hard for me to let go. He was so sweet as he was encouraging me about it: “It’s okay, you know you want to do this, I want you to do this, you’ll feel so much better after you let go.” Ended up cutting the vibrator because I couldn’t pull through, and did my best to let it all out.

I had to force it out in spurts. I could feel the warmth and wetness going through my panties, down my legs, soaking my thighs and my back. I had to pee so much that it started to form a not-small puddle in between my legs. It took well over a minute to finish wetting my bed. He told me I couldn’t get up until I came, so I grabbed my vibrator again. I had kept my eyes closed for most of this, so I finally peaked down, and was shocked to see how much pee was soaking through and now pooling under me on the blanket. He just kept telling me how hot this was, and to lean back and relax. After a while I finally had a massive orgasm, and when I was done, I pretty much immediately clicked into cleanup mode. Was shocked to see how well the blanket held up to me peeing all over it, and rushed it to my bathtub where I stripped and washed up. I was so embarrassed by how turned on I was - what if he was grossed out or thought this was weird?

When I came back to the bed though, he took my hand and put it over his underwear- he had cum in his boxers!!! He thought it was so hot talking me through that experience, and it absolutely makes me want to try again. I had drank so much that my bladder already filled back up, so before I got a trash bag to take my laundry down to the wash, I stood in my shower and wet myself in my favorite pair of sweatpants that I had forgotten to wash last laundry day. This was a lot easier to do since I had let go this way a few times before. It felt absolutely thrilling to feel my muscles relax as I slowly felt the warmth and wetness spread all over again, down both of my legs, across my front and a little down my ass - even naughtier since I had just washed myself minutes ago. I did my laundry, no harm no foul, and that blanket was as good as new - what a stellar purchase! And then I came 2 more times that night before going to sleep.

Sorry that was so long! From this experience I found that I much prefer wetting the bed over standing in the shower just from the warmth perspective, but I might invest in more products to make the cleanup a bit easier. And for this being my first venture with a partner, I can’t wait to try more.

XOXO, G0p1ssgrl

