I sighed with relief while releasing on this one

Author: Goddess Lissa

*000*2024-08-07 19:54

My 2nd wetting of the day and what a good one! I held for a little over 3 hours and for someone who pees hourly it wad tough. Some points I laid in bed and distracted myself on my phone. But laying down was relaxing and once I sat up I felt like inwas going to burst. In just my panties and Jean shorts it was time.

But my cat starts meowing and loud so I need to check on him. 2 of the water bowls were empty and he wouldn't stop until they were full. So as I filled up both dishes, the running water making me dance around in the bathroom and start leaking some...I'm able to hold it enough and bend over to put the dishes down. Finally, I make my way to the master bathroom so I can release.

I definitely had some sighs of relief. I tried to hold it a little longer but I just couldn't. It sounded like a mini waterfall coming off my shorts. Soaking up one side more than the other. Shorts decently heavier. What a fun wet Wednesday 💦💦

My boyfriend @WesternWets posts some content for me if your ever looking for more 😉

*003*2024-08-07 20:04

{{6 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

The pic look wonderful But Why do you cover up your breasts And your vagina are you self conscious about showing those off

}}

No im not self conscious at all. I just don't show them off for free honestly. I share different things on here for fun and talk.

*005*2024-08-07 20:05

{{5 minutes ago, qwertasdf said:

Wow, you really had to go

}}

I really did haha. Having to pee and laying down for an hour made my bladder sooo full

*007*2024-08-07 20:06

{{Just now, Roronoa Zoro said:

Yeah you really did have to go I bet Bending down To put the cat bowl back for your cat must have been the hardest part.And hearing the running water

}}

The running water was the worst omg. And having to bend after that all I was thinking was "ok just a few more seconds" haha

*009*2024-08-07 20:34

{{24 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Just a few more seconds turned into a few more minutes.But at least you were able to Only leak a little bit and stop it and then make it to your bathroom to finally release the full flood

}}

I know the extra couple minutes was hard. This cat is deaf so the meows are insanely loud. And he just couldn't use the third bowl of water 😂 thinking about it I feel like I have to pee again haha

*013*2024-08-07 21:12

{{20 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

How many bowls of water do you Have For your cat. And if you already have to pee again just hold it for a little bit

}}

Currently there's 2 cats at my house as I'm pet sitting. So there's 3 bowls as sometimes one needs to get put in a room for a break if they start fighting lol

*017*2024-08-08 09:52

{{4 hours ago, WetFunOne said:

2nd to last pic is 😮‍💨🥵

}}

It's my favorite Pic of the set for sure 🔥

@wetgarth

Thank you!

