Desperate Afternoon

Author: Guest Rycmika

*000*2018-07-27 22:37

Hi, so this is my first time writing up one of my own experience so I really hoped it turned out well.

So for those of you who’d like to picture me, I’m 5’4 and weigh around 120p. I have short dark brown hair that reaches just above my shoulders. I have fair skin and a birthmark that covers my left cheek. I’m not super skinny, and I have a bit of chub on my thighs and arms. I have murky green eyes.

I was wearing a pair black sweatpants and a grey v-neck t-shirt that had neon green ‘paint splatters’. I wasn’t wearing a bar and had in red flower pattern panties.

While lying in bed, lights out and naked from the waist down going through OmoOrg, I decided I wanted to have a bit of fun. I got up and put on my robe, grabbing an empty water bottle on my way out of my room and into the bathroom. I had to put my robe on, seeing as I wasn’t home alone. After filling the bottle up, I chugged the whole thing then filled it up again. I headed Back to my room and set an alarm that would go off every five minutes to tell me to drink some water.

After a while I my mom came home. Not long after I climaxed and decided to head downstairs. Once I got there, I remembered my mom promised to buy me a bag of chips, so we headed of to the local convenience store. On our way out I noticed my bladder was full enough to make me want to pee, but I ignored it.

Once at the convenience store, I felt myself start to get aroused by the thought of being in a public place and needing to pee, though I definitely didn’t want to wet myself in front of so many people, including my mom.

We left soon after, purchasing two bags of chips (they were on sale, two for five dollars!) and a box of fudge popsicles. Once we got home and I put the popsicles in the freezer, I sat down at the dining table with my laptop so I could watch something along with the soup my mom made.

After sitting down, I noticed that need was a lot more apparent. I sat there for around 30 minutes, then moved back up to my room.

Fast forward and hour and I can’t stay still. I’m also having a hard time focusing on my show. The weight of my laptop on my stomach, since I was lying down on my bed, was making it a lot harder to hold, so I had to move it so it would rest right on my bed. I sat up, my hands holding my crotch and I was slightly rocking. Suddenly, I felt myself leak into my panties and jumped up from my bed my legs now cross and my hands holding my pee hole shut as well as I could through my pants.

I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer, so I stripped everything but my panties off and grabbed my towel then headed to the shower, holding myself the whole way. Once I made it to the bathroom and locked the door, I through my towel on the ground and started the water. The sound of the water nearly made me lose it right there. I felt my pee pushing it’s way out, I spurted, but was able to stop the flow. Throwing all caution to the wind, I hopped into the shower and immediately started peeing. I moaned as my bladder emptied itself all over myself and leaned onto the shower wall. My pussy throbbed with pleasure, begging me to give it attention as my pee flowed down my legs.

After I was completely empty I grabbed the shower head and set it to jet. I then placed it on my clit through my underwear. My body rocked as I destroyed my clit with the jet, finally crying out one last time as I was hit with a powerful orgasun.

After that, I cleaned myself up and hid my soaking panties so my mom wouldn’t find them.

