Broken Well made them Admit it

Author: Gotta_Tinkle!

*000*2017-06-05 21:11

FYI, this is a desperation sighting, and it is short and not that good.

So I was at school, and it was the first class of the day. I asked to go to the restroom, and the teacher said yes. (My school has a very light bathroom policy.) While I was there, I noticed one of the sinks wasn't working that well. I went back into the classroom, and a few minutes later, the principal came over the loudspeaker and said that there was a power outage. most of the power had come back on, except the water, and the electric company was coming to fix it. (Our schools water comes from an electric powered well.) Most of the students in my class started saying that "They would survive" and that "It wasn't a big deal". Well it was a big deal. Well maybe not that big of a deal. Our teacher pointed out that now you couldn't flush a toilet.

Class went on normally, but then when we switched classes, the girl that sits behind me asked our math teacher if they had fixed the plumbing problem. He said no, and then she said: "Cause I need to go to the bathroom." I heard a "Me too." and a "So do I." from the girls that sit in front of me and to the right. I was shocked. I now knew that three of my (female) classmates had to pee. I had to go too, but not much at all.

The later, I realized that some of the girls in my class, about five, were together talking about something. One of them asked the teacher: "Did they fix the plumbing problem yet?" the teacher replied no. I got closer to listen to their conversation. "I really need to use the bathroom!" one of them said " Another added: "I've been needing to go since I walked into school!" The one I mentioned first replied: "I'm gonna pee my pants!" another replied: "Okay, I don't need to go that bad." Somewhere along the line one said: "They can't just restrict us from using the restroom!"

I should've kept a closer eye on them so I could see what happened in the next few classes, but sadly I didn't. Just before lunch, I found out that the well was fixed, and used the restroom.

I hope this wasn't too boring for you, please tell me.

*003*2017-06-07 15:36

Thanks!

