Watering the Garden, Twice

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-09-07 09:48

Seems ages since I posted a story here or was in the live action thread. Been so busy lately as two months ago my father in law passed away so we have been busy sorting everything out after his funeral but now things are settling down I have time to do some writing again and have plenty of fun things from the past few months I can share. I will start today with something that happened a few weeks ago.

It was a pretty nice day and everybody was out either at work or seeing family so I went out and did some shopping and then when I got home I went out and sat in the garden to enjoy the sunshine. I made myself some lunch and after I ate I sat relaxing for a while. As I was sat there I noticed that the shrubs and flower beds around the edge of the back garden could do with a tidy up and weeding and as I had nothing else planned I decided to tackle them. I went and changed into a pair of old shorts and an old white vest top and headed over to the barn to get the tools I needed. I brought them back to the garden and went and got my docking station and a bottle of water from the fridge and set about my task.

I enjoy gardening and enjoyed being outside in fresh air so I steadily worked my way around the garden pruning and weeding and turning over the soil. As it was warm I kept drinking from my bottle of water and when it was finished I went and grabbed another one from the fridge. When I was about 2/3 of the way around the garden I noticed my bladder filling from the coffee I had had with lunch and now the big bottles of water I was working through. As time passed she continued to fill up and started sending desperate signals which I thoroughly enjoyed. Bending over and stretching to prune the plants and shrubs put added pressure on my bladder making my need feel so much worse. I aimed to finish the job before I would allow myself to pee and continued working along the flower bed.

By the time I was almost at the end I was busting for a wee and dancing and squirming and crossing my legs. I kept telling myself I was almost there and could go and pee when I had finished. That was met with protests from my bladder and my need seemed to increase. When I pulled the last weed and thew it into the bag I was very close to wetting myself. I was only just keep my knickers dry and kept having to grab myself when a desperate urge hit me. I grabbed the bag of weeds and dragged it over to the compost heap. I knew that once I got there I could tip it out and then go and empty my bursting bladder. The thought of that relief made me start dribbling in my knickers and I had to stop and cross my legs. I kept repeating this every few steps and eventually reached the compost heap. I tipped out the bag and then quickly walked back over to where my tools were and put it down.

As I bent down to pick up my tools I put pressure on my bladder and leak escaped and I felt my knickers get wet. That leak triggered something in my mind. I was here alone, outside in the garden, with a ready to burst bladder. I could be really naughty. Without thinking I spread my legs and let the flood commence. My knickers and shorts soaked through and the feeling of pee running down my legs felt amazing. The relief as the pressure lifted was heavenly and I couldn't help but give my pussy a little rub through my shorts as I peed.

When my bladder had emptied I continued picking up my tools and took them back to the barn. I came back to the garden and got the hose out to water the flower beds and after walking around the garden giving it a good soaking (pun intended) I reeled the hose back in and before putting it away I stripped out of my pee soaked shorts and knickers and washed down my legs and sprayed my clothes down. I decided to leave my clothes outside to dry off a bit in the sun and being naked in the garden was such a thrill. I could have quite easily laid down on the grass and given myself a lovely orgasm right there and then but I wanted to save up my arousal.

During the weeding process I had made a gap in the flower bed and wanted something to fill it with so I went and got dressed and headed out to the garden centre. I initially got in my car but figured it would be better to go in my land rover if I was picking up garden things. I drove over to one of our local garden centres that I know has a big greenhouse at the back and a great selection of plants/shrubs. I parked up and had a wander around the shop area first and picked up a couple of items before I headed outside to the greenhouses. I wasn't sure what I wanted so had a good look round getting a few ideas.

As I was wandering around I noticed my bladder filling up again thanks to all the water. I thought about going to pee on my way out of the garden centre and resumed looking at the plants. After 10 more minutes of looking around I decided on a little shrub and a little tree that would grow nicely and fill the gap. I went and paid for the items on my trolley and went outside and put them into the back of my land rover. I took the trolley back and then got in the truck and headed for home.

As I came out of the garden centre and drove down the road I hit some traffic. I knew there were some road works with one way traffic lights further up the road but there seemed to be a lot of traffic on top of that. When I looked at the time I realised it was further along than I had thought and was hitting the start of rush hour. I didn't mind and just cranked up the volume on my music and went along. After about ten minutes I had got through the temp traffic lights and was heading into a notorious area for rush hour traffic. The road I was on lead to the bypass which I needed and at rush hour the traffic lights and roundabouts caused a back log of traffic. As I hit the expected queue I was suddenly reminded of my need to pee. I had completely forgot about my need and hadn't used the bathroom in the shop. At first it wasn't too bad but it gradually got worse and I was soon feeling pretty desperate.

As I crawled along my desperation increased and I found myself squirming and fidgeting in my seat urging the traffic to hurry up. By the time I had got through the queue and onto the bypass I was really desperate but not too worried. That was until I came off the bypass and after cruising along the road into our town centre hit another pocket of traffic. This one was normal and was because of the roundabout up ahead. It shouldn't take too long to clear but now the added delay was taking effect on my bladder. I was sat there slowly moving along busting for a pee and squirming loads to help relieve the pressure. I got to the roundabout and went straight across onto the short bypass that goes past our town centre. At the next roundabout I was faced with a choice.

In front of me was a supermarket and I could go in there and use the bathroom. However to get in there would mean getting into a queue of traffic and may end up taking longer than it would to get home. I decided to stay on the course home and the decision to go to a bathroom further away made me even more desperate.

I was getting very close to weeing myself and was desperately trying to hold on just a little longer. As I left the town centre and headed up the hill to our little village I was getting more desperate the closer I got to home. I started dribbling uncontrollably and had to push my hand against my pussy to stem the flow. Each time I had to let go to change gear more dribbles escaped and soon turned into leaks. I turned onto the dirt road that leads to our house and the uneven surface jolted and bounced my bladder making me leak even more.

When I pulled into our driveway and parked the truck up I jumped out and immediately realised that if I tried to make it inside to the bathroom I would most likely burst. I grabbed the two plants from the back of the truck and quickly walked round the side of the house to the back garden. I put the plants down and bending over caused a spurt to shoot in my knickers. Then I felt it, that spurt had opened the flood gates and before I could react I started to pee. I quickly pulled my skirt up and squatted down and burst into my knickers. The relief of peeing and the feeling of it pooling in my knickers felt incredible and I just moaned happily.

When I had finished peeing I slipped my wet knickers off and added them to my other wet clothes. I figured I might as well get the new shrubs planted before I went and showered so I grabbed my trowel and put them into the flower bed. Once they were in I grabbed my pile of wet clothes and took them inside to wash and went and showered. I should do gardening more often.

