On the bus

Author: gfbiy7352

*000*2018-09-08 04:28

On my bus rides today coming home from vacation, I had to use the bathroom really bad. I had a thirty minute ride to the bus station in a coach bus, and I felt good but in the last few minutes, I started feeling my bladder full. At the Greyhound station, I thought "I TRIED not to drink a lot and have to go, why did I drink 2 bottles of water and a orange juice at the cabin??" I really wanted to stay hydrated so I didn't feel sick. I decided that it would be erotic to hold it for the 3 1/2 hr ride home.

I got in my seat by the window and I could feel twinges not pain. A half-hour or 45 minutes in, I started to twirl my feet, legs crossed. We passed the central part of the state and I was feeling hot inside. However no crotch grabbing in public for me. Halfway through I was starting to waver, my legs were frantically moving.

The second half was TOTAL TORTURE. I was doing my weird pee dance which is to cross and uncross legs at ankles switching every second and wiggling my butt. Bending forward is also the norm. There was a hot blonde next to me, and instead of her being sympathetic or attracted to my desperation, she made fun of me. Twenty minutes from our stop, I did not think I could hold it any longer. I barely made it off the bus and ran to the mens room, but I just in time got to use an open urinal. Thank god!

Do I regret my decision to hold until getting to the bus station for fun? Maybe (Maybe Not)

*003*2018-09-09 10:08

{{13 hours ago, Fred46888 said:

As Lineenthusiast discovered, a young man can usually hold his pee longer than he thinks he can. So when a young man with you says he needs to use the toilet, you can tell him that he can wait and not worry about it.

}}

I REALLY hope you are talking about an adult.

