A Desperate Housewife

Author: Guest

*000*2022-12-21 02:10

Im sure many of us have put off peeing while doing a task before. Like say you need to pee, but you say “let me finish folding the laundry really quick before I pee.” My wife does this a lot. I’ve mentioned this before, but my wife is a stay at home mom. She works very hard all hours of the day and I love her to death. The thing is, I’ve never really seen her daily routine in all 20+ years of our marriage. Yesterday, I did.

I woke up sick as a dog so I was just laying on the couch all day (no it wasn’t Covid, thankfully). My wife made me some soup l, pickled garlic, and a kiss on the forehead before doing her everyday routine. She wore a white bra and oversized t shirt, tied up in that little side knot so that the shirt didn’t go below her waist, with gray sweatpants and white panties. I fell back asleep on the couch and when I woke up a little while later, I had to use the bathroom. As I was groaning and shitting my brains out I heard a knock on the door.

“One minute honey.”

”Oh no! Do you HAVE to be pooping right now. The one break I get and I can’t pee, hurry up I really need to go!”

This definitely caught my attention, but I was too busy fighting my own demons to really care. I emerged from the bathroom 20 minutes later and went back to the couch. A few minutes later I hear a conversation in Spanish, followed by my wife coming up the basement steps. She had her phone pressed up against her face and a laundry basket in her arm. She stopped at the top of the steps to bend over and put her free hand in her crotch. I was in full view of this, and when she realized I saw, she blushed very hard and smiled and quickly made her way to the bedroom.

After she finished with the clothes, she went to the kitchen, where she accidentally spilled a mug of coffee and had to mop it up. She anxiously looked at the bathroom door, then the closet, and made the decision to get the mop out of the closet, all the while still hanging a conversation on the phone. She kept one hand in her crotch at all times and had to stop every few seconds while mopping to bend over and grab her crotch with both hands. Her sweatpants were sagging a bit and since she had no free hands to pull them up, they kept sagging until I got a sexy view of her panties and her butt crack. I had to poop again so I went to the bathroom (I promise I genuinely did, I wasn’t teasing her, though if I wasn’t sick I probably would, lol). After 10 minutes, I came out to see her taking off her soaked sweatpants and panties on the ground while she mopped up her puddle, still on the phone.

When she finally hung up, I kid you not, she threw her wet pants at me while cursing in Spanish. I couldn’t help but burst out laughing. I looked up and saw her face. She looked like she was trying so hard to be mad, but just couldn’t. She broke out into a smile and her face fell into her hands while laughing.

“I HATE YOU SO MUCH!!” She screamed, smile still on her face.

”I’m sorry! I had to go and you were busy!” I said, still laughing

She once again cursed at me in Spanish, which only made me laugh even more.

“Who was on the phone?”

“My mother, once she gets going she doesn’t shut up, you know that.”

That age old omo trope of being stuck on the phone while desperate came to life, which turned me on even more.

I picked up her panties and said “I should take a picture of these and send them to your sister, see what she thinks.” (Ok, before you get weirded out, let me explain. It’s a mutual understanding/running joke between us that if it gets out there about any of her accidents with me, her siblings would tease her the most. They tease each other a lot, they have that kind of relationship. They still tease her about a time she peed herself during class when the teacher wouldn’t let her use the bathroom when she was 16, so imagine how bad the teasing would be if they found out she peed herself as a full grown adult).

”WHAT NO! GIVE THEM TO ME!!!” She desperately tried to take them from my hands while I kept them out of reach, which wasn’t too hard since I’m a over a foot taller than her. We did that for like a minute before I handed them back to her. She quickly snatched them back, along with her sweatpants and ran to the laundry room.

When she came back, I hugged her.

“I’m sorry honey.”

She hugged me back “It’s ok, it wasn’t your fault.” I gave her a kiss on the forehead and went back to watch tv on the couch. She followed me and snuggled up with me

”Aren’t you afraid you’ll get sick?”

”I never get sick!”

“Until you do.”

She stared blankly for a second, then kissed me on the cheek and snuggled up with me for a few minutes. It’s worth noting that my dick was rock hard at this point, and when she snuggled with me, her ass snuggled into my crotch. She did this to tease me since we obviously can’t have sex right now, which just drives me insane, lol.

