Everybody's Required to Pee In a Bucket

Author: girliegirl765

*000*2016-08-12 15:46

WARNING: This post contains mentions of BDSM and the kink world. Spanking, power exchange, and the like.

This basically is like a bisexual person's wet dream, so I thought it might be worth recounting the story to everybody. I was thinking back to my last high-protocol kink event, and while I wasn't a member of Omo.org then, I think the event would have gone up most of ya'll alley (though I'm always surprised how few members of Omo.org are actually kinky as watersports/pee play is considered a type of hardcore play in most BDSM circles).

These events were weekly and took place at a private residence of one of the more popular male dominants in the community. Rules were set up for various attendees depending upon how you identified - dominant or submissive. Submissives were required to be naked (unless approved to wear lingerie by the homeowner), not allowed onto the furniture, and required to serve food.

To everyone's interests here on the forum, submissives were also not allowed to pee unless given permission by their respective dominants (or the homeowner if unowned) - and when they wanted to, they had squat over a bucket in the corner of the room and empty it when they were done. As you can imagine, this was particularly embarrassing/humiliating (which was the point), so a lot of submissives would hold onto full bladders, ask to pee, and then be denied for the dominant's entertainment. There were quite a lot of hissing pees and sighs of relief with shaking legs when men and women would relieve themselves in the bucket.

This one particular night, the homeowner wanted to play with a couple of the women who had been attending. One of the women had been particularly squirmy during dinner and drinks, and before he started play, he asked if she needed to go. She said she didn't, so they proceeded to the play area.

The basement was the play area. Like a lot of kinksters, the downstairs area had been somewhat soundproofed, and it was a large, relatively-clean, dark area with seating areas to watch, spanking areas, other specialized areas, and a giant empty room with a shower drain (this particular homeowner was a sadist and regularly needed a way to clean up large messes).

The homeowner started his scene with all three women kneeling in front of him for playtime. He moved some of the spanking benches together to have all three benches touching each other. (For those that don't know, spanking benches are basically shaped like small picnic tables. Your knees go on the 'bench' part while you lean over the 'table' part. They're usually padded, well-made, made of leather, and include places to fasten restraints). With the woman still squirming, he fastened all of them into wrist cuffs as they presented their wrists. He made all of them climb onto the benches, and he used locks to fasten all of the women to their respective benches.

At that point, he moved onto the scene itself - spanking, flogging, tickling, touching, etc. During all of this, the woman was getting particularly more squirmy. As her legs weren't restrained, at a certain point, she started crossing her legs at the ankles. I can't imagine how intense that must have been with her full bladder pressing against the bench while she was being spanked.

Soon enough, she spoke up with a "Sir?"

He wasn't particularly fond of being interrupted, so it earned her another whack as he asked her what the problem was.

She kinda stuttered as she answered "I'm about to piss myself. Please let me up".

At this point, again, he's a sadist, so she had his attention. He started teasing her about not being able to hold it with a false anger as he'd asked her before they started playing. The other two women were ignored as he focused his spanking and gentle tickling on her. She was getting even more squirmy, and her moans turned to more of tortured whimpers.

Finally, she spoke up without any embarrassment or gentleness. "Sir, I'm about to piss all over your spanking bench if you don't let me up". She was very firm about it, and he laughed as he grabbed the key and started to unlock her from the bench in a relatively hurried fashion.

As soon as she hopped up, she crossed her legs and started with a "noooo" noise as she hobbled towards the shower room. She had pee running down her legs and there was a bit of a noticable wetness on the ground. I could definitely hear her relief (though didn't see it) as I heard the splashing on the ground in the other room. She peed - a lot. There was a lot of moaning while she went.

When she was done, the homeowner made her rinse off, dry off, and clean up her non-shower-room mess. She was put back onto the spanking bench and given extra punishment for interrupting the scene.

