A complete and utter total soaking of my pants and jeans

Author: Guest kc_rules

*000*2016-03-16 02:22

I had gone out with a good friend of mine after work for a few beers without realising that the trains tonight would be horrendously affected by an earlier incident. I had finished my beers and made my way back to the station where I was informed that due to an earlier delay all trains from London would be delayed indefinitely. A slight aggravation occurred before I went to the waiting room and lost myself in my current book and waited for the next train home.

The time ticked by and there was still no knowledge of what was happening. I went to the nearby public toilets to empty my bladder and was informed by a security guard they would be closing soon as the clock ticked past 11pm. I thought no more of it and settled myself back in the waiting room.

Another hour dragged by and by this time I realised with the amount of liquid I had consumed tonight that I needed to pee again and quite urgently, unfortunately the public toilets were now closed but thankfully a train drew in to take me home. Just another 20 minutes plus a 15 minute walk back home. Nothing too taxing in a normal situation but due to the beers I had drunk and my earlier coffees I was pretty desperate, still I was comfortable I could make it home with ease.

I boarded the train and awaited my passage home. I failed to realise that due to the massive backlog of passengers there would be a hold up at the next station. We arrived and took another 15 minutes to board all passengers and eventually make way to the station I needed to depart at.

By the time we arrived at my station I was a full on 9/10 of needing to go and ramming my hand into my crotch at every opportunity, I started to wonder if I could make it back home fully dry. Until this point I had never ever pissed myself in a public location despite my love for Omorashi, I have always kept this aspect of my life to my private life behind closed doors.

Fortunately, my route back on foot was one that few people take and I walked quickly and hurriedly to my apartment, holding myself at every opportunity I had. Alas luck was not on my side tonight and a good 5 minutes walk from home the dam began to burst and I began to uncontrollably leak into my boxers and jeans. As I quickened my pace there was no escaping the fact I was having a full blown accident and I was well and truly wetting myself. The only saving grace was there was no-one around to witness my shame.

I arrived at my apartment block, went up the lift and with each step into my living room loudly squelched as the warm piss in my pants began to heavily cascade. I didn't even bother going to the bathroom, I waddled into my living room and finished my long much needed piss into my pants and jeans fully soaking myself, slightly ashamed, very relived and more than a little turned on at what I had done and emptied my bladder for another minute making a complete mess of my pants, jeans, and living room floor.

I felt that I simply had to photograph my predicament so I snapped my pissed jeans and the massive puddle of piddle that I had made. It was such a strange experience, my first ever 'public' (although no-one saw) wetting and it embarrassed me to a certain extent yet I found the whole experience turned me on like nothing before and the feeling I got when I stood alone in my flat and finished my long, much needed piss into my pants was like the best orgasm I have ever had.

I now sit by my computer and typing up this experience absolutely saturated and soaking in cold pee, yet it feels incredible and I'm at the stage where I need to empty my bladder again. I'm looking forward to releasing my piss again and making a loud hissy puddle on the floor! Omorashi is great :D

See below for photographic evidence of the mess I made of myself!

