A Teachers Story

Author: Guest irvingarlington

*000*2018-09-25 22:41

I’ll preface this by saying that I did not personally witness the event itself, only the aftermath. The remainder of the details were told to me by my wife, whom this is about, to the best of my recollection.

Most days my wife and I carpool to work, with me dropping her off at the school she teaches at first, before continuing on to my office. In the afternoon I return and wait in the teacher’s parking lot to pick her up, usually about fifteen minutes after I arrive. About two years ago during one such day, I was sitting in the car waiting impatiently for her to arrive. She was late. The minutes past, and so I texted her to find out where she was, as she often stays back to talk with a student, or occasionally a parent.

“Where are you?” I asked.

“I’m coming,” she texted back.

A few minutes later she finally arrived, in a rush, and not looking very pleased. She opened the door and I asked her what took so long, expecting one of the usual answers.

“I peed myself” she hastily replied.

She wanted to get in the car fast, and so she motioned me to find something to put down on the seat to protect it. Fortunately I keep a towel in my car and trash bags in the trunk. I was able to place a protective barrier in the seat, allowing her to enter. Once we hit the road, she told me what had happened.

My wife did not often get breaks during her work day, even between classes. If you've ever known a teacher, you probably know how tough and strict their work environment can be. Some days, she would only have lunch break or her prep-period to use the restroom. On rare occasions, she claimed to even have to hold herself all day. This wasn’t necessarily one of those days, however there was kryptonite to her otherwise iron bladder - coughing and sneezing. Being prone to allergies, she often developed a coughing fit during the spring season.

During one of her classes, she had been seated at her desk, reviewing quizzes while her students worked on an exercise. She’d not had the opportunity between classes to use the restroom, and so had been holding herself for most of the morning. A sudden coughing fit hit her, and before she could calm herself, her bladder betrayed her. She’d managed to regain control after the fit had ceased, but the damage had been done. My wife had peed herself in class. She managed to remain calm, and act as though nothing had happened. She remained seated for the duration of the class.

After the class was ended, my wife had a prep-period, allowing her to sneak out to the teachers bathroom unnoticed to clean up and relieve herself. She was wearing a black skirt, so the wet spot was not readily visible. She tried to dry herself off as best she could, but with no change of clothes, she had to return to her classroom, still wet. As with the last class, she remained in her seat, using her desktop to operate the Smartboard to help instruct her students. At the end of the day, she remained late after dismissal in hopes that most of her fellow teachers and students would cleared out, before making a mad dash to my car.

Though she’s well aware of my interest in wetting, I didn’t press her for more details than what she gave. I was more concerned with her well being at the time, and sparing her from any further embarrassment. She may be accepting of my fetish, but public humiliation is certainly not hers. Thankfully, she seemed to have avoided being noticed.

