First Time Wetting

Author: Guest Exploring Omo

*000*2019-06-24 04:02

Hi again everyone! I just wanted to thank every single one of you for reaching out to talk to me, but unfortunately without a subscription I can only reply to a certain number of messages/create topics within 24 hours. I wouldn’t mind buying the monthly subscription, but my debit card is connected with my parents’ bank account so I wouldn’t want them seeing that I paid for this. Does anyone know what the charge comes up as on the billing statement?

I’ve also been getting a lot of messages about me making videos for people. Yes, I’m being serious. I guess I’m just more comfortable sending videos one on one rather than posting on a large forum for anyone to see, at least for now. So if I haven’t responded to you that’s because of the post limit! I’d be willing to give out my e-mail to talk to people without restrictions since I created a new one specifically to sign up for this site.

I also want to take this time to announce that I’ve officially wet myself purposely for the first time two nights ago! It was exhilarating, but I guess I’ll start at the beginning. I first noticed I might be into this fetish my freshman year of college. I was waiting in line for the bathroom at a frat party, but the line was very long and I had to go very bad. My friends and I left the party and attempted to find an alley or somewhere to duck in to pee, but there were too many people outside that would see us. I ended up just peeing my pants, and luckily I was wearing black jeans so no one could see anything. 

I told my friends and we all had a good laugh that I was so drunk I pissed myself, but deep down I liked the feeling. We ended up at a pizza shop and I went into the bathroom to attempt to use the hand dryer to dry my pants a little, it worked somewhat. I then went back out into the dining area and sat right down on the lap of some guy I was talking to the whole night. I felt very naughty knowing I had pissed my pants and still sat right on his lap while he had no idea. We ended up going back to my dorm and he ate me out, none the wiser to the fact that I peed my pants just hours earlier.

Flash forward to four years later and now where I just discovered the Omorashi community and finally put a name to my fetish and feelings. I felt very validated and reading stories inspired me to try myself. So two nights ago I was out with friends drinking, so when I got home I was pretty drunk, which helped lower my inhibitions. I put on a pair of old underwear that had ripped and squatted in my shower, peeing right through the underwear down the drain while filming it with my phone. I felt so hot and bothered afterwards but knew I had to get to bed to make it to work in the morning, so I threw the old underwear in my trash bin and went to sleep.

The next night (last night) I was very sober, but I couldn’t stop thinking about what I had done the night before. I kept rewatching the video of me wetting myself and found myself growing aroused. I found some great Omorashi literotica and became even more turned on. Before I knew it I found myself putting on another pair of old underwear and going to the bathroom to sit on my toilet this time and wet my panties. I played with myself for a little bit before attempting to release, trying to relax myself and feel how wet I was. I then positioned myself to let go, but I just couldn’t yet. I’m assuming it’s because I was sober this time and my brain was telling me not to pee in my pants. I finally relaxed enough to let a few spurts out, and finally it flowed freely through the fabric into the toilet. I filmed the whole thing again so I could watch it back and potentially share it with someone if I get the chance. It was incredibly hot and freeing and I feel like I can never turn back now.

As of right now I’m mostly just comfortable wetting my underwear or perhaps a bathing suit over the toilet, in the shower, or perhaps the sink for easy cleanup since I live in a rented apartment with roommates, but I’m excited to talk to others to perhaps encourage me to push further (just without making too much of a mess). Also, after reading an array of different Omorashi stories, I think I could potentially consider myself trying to pee in diapers. I think I'd really love the feeling of letting loose sitting anywhere I please or in public without worrying about a mess. Feel free to reach out to me to talk and I can send you my email! Or if I can get a subscription without my parents knowing what it’s for I’d be wiling to do that. Thanks for reading J

(p.s. I’m now incredibly wet and turned on just from writing this and reminiscing)

