Crossdressing Wetting for mistress kitty

Author: Guest superdarkens

*000*2021-07-27 15:37

So I have recently begun speaking with a lady on pocketstars who is very sexy and understanding indeed. I mentioned to her that it was my fantasy to be told to dress in a leotard and tights like a ballerina and forced to hold until I either wet myself or mistress instructed me to pee. Well I was encouraged to order said items and mistress informed me that she would indulge my whim. I ordered away and the items arrived. I wasn’t allowed to cum until the day and not after the event. This was some 5 days of waiting. I can’t tell you the feeling I had as I slipped on the tights and Leo for the first time. I informed mistress the costume has arrived and was duly instructed to bring filling up and I complied obediently.

After what was about 2 hours I’d finished maybe 4 litres of water and was about to explode let alone piss myself. Still no word from mistress as to what I was supposed to do - was she waiting for me to have an accident and make a grovelling confession to her? Then out of the blue came an apology, she had been busy with other things and had forgotten all about me- I was then instructed that I could go. I asked how much? A little? All of it? “Just soak yourself” came the reply. “And don’t think about cumming until you send me the picture of you in your wet tights.” My word. These instructions shot through me like electricity and I obediently began soaking my tights and leotard with my hot, pent up pee. It seemed like an age before I had finished and could compose myself to send the image across that would release me from my chastity.

Mistress was indeed pleased and informed me that I could finish myself and to send her the evidence of that as well.

I have to say it was one of the best mornings of my life and I’d love to be encouraged to crossdress and wet again. I thoroughly recommend the experience of having someone else instruct you when and how much to wet.

Hope to speak with like minded people interested in this sort of thing and people interested in making others wet.

Here’s the evidence 😳

All the best,

Dan

&&

&&

&&

&&

