Wetting a pad in the shower

Author: golden_boy

*000*2016-12-06 21:52

After I got home from work one day, I was really curious to see just how much pee certain products could hold. So I drank a lot of water and went to make some dinner while I waited for my bladder to fill up. While I was cooking, one of my roommates took a shower, which really put me to the test. By the time they got out, I was more desperate than I had intended to be. I quickly went into my room and put on my pair of thinx (period-absorbing underwear). While I was getting ready for my shower, I let out a few spurts into them, and they held it pretty well, but I didn't want to risk getting anything wet, so after two spurts I went into the bathroom and sat down on the tub ledge, wearing nothing but the thinx. There, I let out longer streams, trying to see how much I could go before they would leak. I was kinda disappointed at how little they held, but they could definitely hold at least the first few leaks of an accident.

My bladder was still really full, so I took off the wet thinx and put on a dry overnight pad. I sat down on the tub ledge again and started letting out more spurts and little streams. The pad absorbed them super well. It felt so warm and wet between my legs, I was always paranoid it was about to leak, but it didn't. Eventually though, I was too afraid of getting pee on the floor, and my bladder was still half full, so I stood up in the tub and completely let go. It was so warm and comfy to feel all the pee rushing out and then soaking up between my legs. When the front of the pad was full, I felt the pee pool around to the back. The pad soon reached its limit and my pee started trickling out of the sides, down my legs. I put my hand against the pad and squished it up into my crotch; I'd never felt one so full and saturated before. The pee gushed out over my hand, getting warm wetness all over me and the shower.

It was a lot of fun, definitely want to wet pads more in the future now that I know how much they can hold. I might start wearing them during my two hour bus commute so I can let a little out if I start to get desperate. As I write this, I'm laying in bed, drinking water, and wearing an overnight pad so I can let out little spurts when I feel the urge throughout the day and see how long I can go without using the actual toilet. I'll probably write another post soon to let you all know how that goes.

