Ed Sheeran concert with a disturbing end

Author: Guest danitiger

*000*2019-08-14 09:28

Gave my mum a ticket for an Ed Sheeran open air concert for her 50th birthday this year. It was going to be her first real concert since the 80s and she was super looking forward to it. On the day of the concert she dressed up even more than usual, tight jeans, white blouse, nice handbag and lots of makeup. It felt like the mother-son-date that the gift was supposed to be. As some of my friends (two guys, one girl) were going there by car, I asked them to join with my mum. So we carpooled to the concert venue with five people in my friend's new BMW 3-series and everything went astonishingly smooth, although parking space was already rare and the venue very crowded.

My mum and I then separated from my friends at the concert venue. The supporting acts were great already, my mum and I had two beers each and really enjoyed the vibe of the event. My mum then said that she has to go to the toilet before Ed Sheeran comes on stage, so we went in the direction of the portapotties which were lined up to both sides of the stage. However, there were far to little of them. With about 90,000 thousand people in the venue, there were so many people in front of the toilets that you could not even see where a line would start or end.

My mum was a little shocked about the situation, but she decided that she could hold it, so we went back to our original space and soon after, Ed Sheeran hit the stage. He then played for the next two hours and it really was a fantastic performance and magic night, especially for my mum. Totally worth the price and a little hassle. However, as soon as the concert ended, my mum was obviously reminded by her bladder because she grabbed my arm and I could see that she had crossed her legs tightly. When we slowly made our way to the exit, she crossed her legs every time we stood still and seemed a little nervous and agitated. Once we got closer to the toilet area, she said "Sorry, but I would really like to go the bathroom now...".

I also had to go, but was not keen on waiting in line, so I decided I could hold it until home. Besides, my friends and I had agreed to meet at the car park as soon as possible after the concert. I told my mum that she could go, but we should hurry up afterwards to catch my friends. Once we got closer to the portapotties, it became obvious that the lines were even longer than earlier. 

"Please, I would really like to go..." , my mum said, so we waited. However, after about 10 minutes and some leg-crossing and pee-dancing by my mum, we had only made it about five metres in line and reaching the toilets would have taken at least another 20-30 minutes. I therefore convinced my mum to head to the car park as there might be another option to go. It took us another 15 minutes to get there, but there were no more toilets and also no bushes. My mum bent over a few times and looked a little unhappy about the situation now, but as my friends were already impatiently waiting at the car, we all jumped in and drove off.

Tim was driving, next to him his girlfriend Anna, I was sitting in the middle, Chris to my right and my mum to my left. Space was tight, but as the drive was usually no longer than half an hour it was okay. It took us way longer than expected to even make it out of the car park. My mum obviously really had to go to the bathroom. We talked about the fantastic concert and when somebody asked my mum something, her answers were really short and strained. She constantly rubbed her right leg on mine, tapped her feet and pressed her legs together. Although she tried to hide her need from the others, it was quite obvious to me sitting right next to her, so I thought we might have to stop somewhere at a gas station for her, but she would tell us if necessary. Once on the highway, I could see that my mum discreetely opened the upper button of her jeans which led to her the top of her white panties. 

A little later she twice grabbed the inside of her upper legs quite hard and it was obvious to me that she was really desperate. When we left the highway and only had about 10 minutes until we were home my mum whispered in my ear and begged me to leave the car a little earlier and walk the rest of the way. I then told Tim the driver that he could drop us off at a crossing about 5min from our place. We caught several red lights and suddenly when we stopped at one of them, my mum seemed to shiver and both of her hands shot to her crotch. I decided that this was getting embarrassing and we should really get off the car. My mum seemed to have the same intentions and loosened her seatbelt with one hand and was about to get out of the car just when the light turned green and Tim started driving again. My mum didn't say anything, but she now had a terrified expression on her face. A few seconds later, maybe about a mile from home, I felt something wet on my left leg...

The next moment my mum was shivering again and although she had one hand in her crotch I could see that there was pee flowing from her jeans onto the seat. I could not believe my eyes and just said something like: "Mum, what the fuck...!?". Now all others in the car also realized that there must be an issue and the first to catch on was Tim's girlfriend when she looked to us in the back. She first thought that my mum had spilled something, but my mum was beet red in the face and still spurting in her jeans somehow as I could still feel the seat getting wetter and wetter. Before we finally reached our destination I said: "I don't know what happened, but I think my mum just peed her pants..." 

I was still shocked and could not believe what I had just said. Everybody else first thought it was a joke, but once they looked at my mum, they realized I wasn't joking and now everybody else was shocked, too and they didn't know what to say. Before we got off, my mum said "I'm so sorry" and "I'll pay for this, of course" while almost crying. When we got off, I saw that her seat was totally wet and she had peed so much that it even got on my side and my jeans as well. My friends drove off and I stood there with my mum in the middle of our suburb, her tight jeans on the butt and upper part fully covered in urine and we now had to walk home like this. My mum seemed so embarrassed and did not say one word.

I honestly have never seen something like this and have no idea how this could happen to a grown adult like her. Most embarrassing that all my friends also know about it now.

Reminded me of another time about 15 years ago when my mum must have sharted on her way home from work and had accidently left her grey thong with a major poop stain in the sink to rinse while my friend from school and I walked into the bathroom to wash our hands.

