Unexpected Wetting on Phone

Author: Guest savcatz

*000*2020-12-28 20:20

This is the first day since my winter break that I’ve had the opportunity to play video games all day. For preface, I’m a university student and I live in Canada where my city just went into lockdown, so I was very excited to spend the day on my computer, not moving for anything. I’ve been playing world of Warcraft all morning as I haven’t had a chance to explore the new expansion because of school. I was just getting to the point where my bladder was uncomfortably full and I was thinking about putting a towel under me so I didn’t soak my computer chair when my boss called me. The phone vibrations startled me and I let out a spurt, and a slight whimper before I answered the phone.

The spurt was short, but it was powerful, and it left my bladder craving sweet release. Less than a minute into my call and I felt my bladder release another spurt. Only this time it was longer and it left a sizeable wet spot on my grey roots sweatpants. It took everything in me not to whimper that second time. I shifted my weight and sat on my heel, hoping that would stop any unwanted leaks. I was doing okay and thought I would be able to last the call without any more damage. My goal wasn’t to make it to the toilet but to at least put a towel underneath me, something that was not possible while I was on the phone with my boss.

My boss was just about to hang up when I realized I forgot to ask her something. While asking my question I must have unknowingly relaxed my bladder. I didn’t even realize I was peeing at first until I felt my heel get warm. I audibly gasped and my boss asked me if everything was okay, to which I replied yes. I sat there, both completely humiliated and exhilarated as I completely pissed myself while I was talking to my boss on the phone. Definitely not the accident I was expecting, and my chair is absolutely soaked, but it was one of the best experiences I’ve ever had. I’ve put a blanket over my lap and I’ve lit a candle so that if any family decide to come into my room they won’t see my wet pants or smell the pee as I plan on wetting in these all day long.

