Mutual Desperate Explosion

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-04-21 10:59

Yesterday morning me and Matty ended up having some mutual wet fun and I was telling my friend about it and I figured I may as well share the experience with you guys as well.

On Tuesday night we went to the cinema and as always when we go watch a film we went to a late viewing. The film started at 11pm and by the time it finished and we came out it was half 1 in the morning. As always when we go to the cinema and I have a big drink I was bursting for a wee when we got home and enjoyed a nice long pee. Afterwards we just got into bed and watched TV until we both fell asleep. The effects of the big drink hit me again when I woke up about 6 o’clock with a full bladder. I would usually just go back to sleep in that situation but I was really desperate and knew that I would just keep waking up every 10 minutes so I got up and went to the bathroom. I came back and just as I got into bed Matty got up and went to the bathroom and when he came back I snuggled up to him and we both went back to sleep.

I woke up again about half past 9 and noticed my bladder had started filling up again but this time it wasn’t too bad just yet so I decided to enjoy the feeling for a bit. I put the TV on and flicked through till I found something worth watching and a few minutes later Matty woke up. Neither of us had nothing to immediately get up for so we just decided to have a lazy morning. We watched TV for a while and Matty got up to go make us a cup of coffee and get something to snack on. As we watched TV I slowly sipped my cup of coffee and as I did my bladder continued to fill.

As my desperation grew I started to fidget and squirm which Matty noticed and I knew was turning him on. I noticed that he was also fidgety and the thought he might need to pee too was turning me on. We both finished our drinks and his fidgeting got more obvious and so did mine. As my squirming got worse I noticed him watching me and decided to tease him and wanted him to tease me. I let out a moan and said that I really needed a wee. He smiled and said “I noticed”.

I sat up and swung my legs out of the duvet and went to stand up when he hooked his arm around me and pulled me back down. He asked where I was going and I told him I was going to pee. He shook his head and said “No you’re not, not until I say you can”. My pussy tingled with arousal as he said exactly what I wanted to hear. I love it when he makes me hold. Being told I couldn’t pee suddenly seemed to make my desperation worse and I laid back down wiggling. I smiled when I saw the sheets moving and I knew his cock was getting hard as he watched me wiggle.

He smiled and said “it's helping is this”. I looked at him puzzled and he said “I really need to pee too and being turned on makes it easier to hold”. Hearing him say he needed to pee made my arousal sky rocket. He winked at me and told me that I wasn’t allowed to pee until he had and I nodded in agreement. He looked at his watch and said “and I don’t think I will go pee until 12 o’clock. I looked at the time and it was just after quarter to 11. When I realised it was an hour and fifteen minutes until then I moaned in arousal. Knowing I would have to hold that long was a turn on but also knowing I would get to watch him in desperate need was a major turn on.

We laid watching TV and the cup of coffee was starting to take effect on my bladder. By 11 o’clock I was busting for a pee and squirming like crazy. I was laid opening and closing my legs trying to ease the growing pressure on my pee hole. He had pulled the duvet off so he could watch my naked body squirming with desperation which was turning him on and I could not take my eyes of his hard throbbing cock knowing that he was feeling the same desperation I was. After 20 minutes my need had risen to a solid 9 and I was bursting for a wee.

I could feel my bladder pushing on my pee hole and each wave of desperation that washed over me made me feel the pee right at the top of my pee hole wanting to escape. I was resisting the urge to hold myself until I really needed to which meant my legs were shaking and I was crossing and uncrossing them and opening and closing them rapidly trying anything to ease the pressure from my bladder. All the while I watched his desperation grow and watching his cock dance in desperation was driving me crazy.

My bladder completely filled to the brim and it was getting harder and harder to keep control. Each wave that hit me was almost making me drip. I could feel the pee right at the tip of my pee hole which was now trembling under the pressure. I managed to keep it under control till just after half past 11 when a massive wave washed over me and a few drips came out. I moaned and pushed my finger against my pee hole trying to clamp it shut. He saw the drips and told me to hold on. I nodded and he moaned in desperation. 

Every so often he reached down and squeezed his cock and each time he did I felt my pussy throb with arousal which really didn’t help with trying to keep control. Now that I had started dripping it was so hard to stop them and despite pushing my fingers against my pussy I kept losing drips. Suddenly Matty gasped and I looked down and my eyes widened when I saw little droplets of pee rolling down his cock. I couldn’t stop watching them. Each time he lost a drop it made me drip. We just laid there slowly dripping and edging close to losing control.

After 10 minutes of desperately squirming and dripping he gasped and a leak came out of the tip of his cock. Watching that was too much and a wave hit me causing me to leak. The first leak made me so much more desperate and now they were coming fast and no matter what I did I couldn’t stop them. Every 10 seconds or so a leak trickled out past my fingers and I could feel a puddle forming on the bed underneath me. Matty was in the same situation and watching him leak was making me so wet with arousal I felt like I was going to cum. My leaks turned into spurts and each spurt made me feel like I was going to wet the bed. I looked at the time and saw we had just over ten minutes till 12 o’clock. I urged time to hurry up as I was so close weeing it was untrue. The pressure on my pee hole was so intense and she was starting to waver and kept on spurting. 

After a few spurts Matty gasped out loud and his cock shot up right and a jet of pee shot out. His right hand kept squeezing and rubbing his cock and his left hand grabbed my right hand and squeezed. Despite pressing hard on my pee hole and rubbing her spurts kept escaping through my fingers. My legs were shaking like crazy and so were his. It was so hot laying there with both of us absolutely bursting for a wee and on the verge of an accident. Watching his cock dance in desperation and spurting every few seconds was almost making me cum. My spurts were getting bigger and it was all I could do not to pee. I was frantically trying to hold on a bit longer enjoying the wonderful moment.

He kept checking his watch and moaning and urging 12 o’clock to come. A few minutes more was all I kept chanting to myself as I continued to spurt. My thighs and legs were soaked in pee and the bed was slowly getting wetter by the minute. Each wave of desperation that hit me felt like that was it. Each spurt felt like the last one but somehow I kept control. All my focus was on holding on and the wonderful intense sensations from my bladder. This meant I wasn’t paying attention the time. Suddenly Matty moaned out and said “oh thank god, 12 o’clock”. He went to move to stand up and spurted hard. He looked at me and said “I can’t move, I'm about to pee”. This turned me on and I nodded and told him I couldn’t either. He smirked and said “let's just hold as long we can then”. We both continued spurting and desperately doing everything we could not to pee.

We did this for 5 minutes when Matty suddenly squeezed my hand and said “oh god I can’t wait, oh god”. I looked down and watched his cock dancing around in desperation and suddenly it shot upright and as he moaned out a huge fountain erupted from the tip and shot into the air. He let out a huge sigh of relief and I just watched in amazement at the sight of his strong stream. The feeling of his pee raining down all over me and the bed was amazing. I started spurting like crazy and then I felt it. I was about to lose all control, watching him pee was too much for my bladder. I felt pee rushing towards my pee hole and before I could do anything my pee hole burst open and a stream of pee shot across the bed. I moaned out as relief washed over me in waves. It felt incredible to release and I just watched as the stream gushed out of my pussy.

I was on the verge of exploding with orgasm just from the immense feeling of relief when suddenly Matty’s hand shot between my legs into the path of my stream. His fingers made contact with my pussy and he started rubbing my clit. It only took a few strokes of his fingers and I gripped his arm and screamed in ecstasy as he made me cum and pleasure coursed through me. The feeling of cumming and peeing at the same time was pure heaven and I could only lay there and succumb to the feeling. When I finally finished peeing and my orgasm died down I collapsed onto the bed shaking and trembling. Matty also finished peeing we just laid there enjoying the wonderful feelings of relief. We spent the next hour enjoying our pee soaked bodies and making each other cum until we eventually got up and showered and got cleaned up. Needless to say we certainly enjoyed our lazy morning.

