My very first story of near- wetting... in a Cadillac

Author: gutterflower

*000*2017-07-08 17:05

I'm new to this site, my first experience was about 5 months ago. I will tell you that I've always kind of enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder abut never knew omorashi was " a thing"... Thought maybe I was a weird child. I used to hold my pee at night in bed and sqeeze my legs together, I had no idea why but it felt good! Once when I was really drunk and I was having sex I needed to pee badly but I didn't want to interrupt and began to enjoy that as well. Pretty much the only times I've orgasmed during sex was either receiving oral... or having a full bladder.

Ever heard of serendipity? It means " discovering a good thing by accident". I think that's the best way to describe how my partner got me into this pee fetish idea. I've been dating " Gaetano" for a few months...not his real name but he is Italian and looks rather like a Gaetano. He's medium height but muscular and has olive skin, dark eyes and beautiful lips, almost pretty like a girls. He has short wavy hair but I'd love to see him grow it longer...anyway he and I hit it off as we both love anything to do with art, have similar political views and an instant attraction. We've had the normal dates( met in a coffee shop, how cliche ). Wed had dinners, movies, Netflix and chill and went to a museum of antique cars.

This was a day we were going to the beach, it takes about 4 hours from where we live to drive. I was wearing a bathing suit under my shirt dress( coral bikini top and bottom) and sandals. I'm a white girl about 5" 5 and 140 lbs, I've got D boobs and " bronde" medium hair. I'm pretty tan, I like to show bit off and rub baby oil on my skin after every shower. I'm a girly girl. He loves that about me.

This particular day we'd had iced coffees early before leaving and I took some water bottles along, I was sipping on that. Coffee always makes me have to pee but as I wasn't dating Gaetano very long I was still pretty shy about things like toilet needs and certain likes and dislikes( he got me lily flowers once and I couldn't bring myself to tell him Im allergic to) them. After driving about 2 hours my need to pee was becoming urgent. As I said, I often get tuned on having pressure on my bladder so my pussy was wet. But I also thought, I'll wait as long as I can and maybe will stop at an exit if it gets really bad.

Of course because anything that can go wrong will, traffic slowed drown to a crawl. We were listening to the radio and he they were playing several Queen songs in a row. One of them was " Bicycle" and one was " Under Pressure". Im a huge Freddie Mercury fan and Gaetano started singing along in falsetto. I actually laughed out loud and said " how appropriate". Gaetano looked at me questioningly and I admitted, " I have to go to the bathroom. Actually, I've had to go for a while and now this". I gestured at the traffic ahead. I sighed. Gaetano had a really nice, older model pearly white Cadillac. It didn't appear to go with his persona as he looks more like a guy to drive a sporty car but he enjoys antiques an old things as well. Its one of the reasons I liked him...he has class.

Gaetano didn't say anything for a minute, his face looked inscrutable. Then he said " really? Aha". He seemed a but flustered. Then " well Ill try to get off an the next exit if they have a place of business. OK?".

I wasnt really OK but what could I say? I was shaking my one foot for a while, nervous habit, and tried not to be too obvious. Not much moved for at least 20 minutes, we were literally inching along. I saw flashing lights way ahead and I sat there resigned. When you have to go and you know you can't, I swear your body produces more urine than usual. Nervous peeing is definitely a phenomenon. I felt like my bladder was rapidly expanding and it went from a somewhat pleasurable tingle to full on piss- pain. I Must have been quite a spectacle: I squirmed, I squeezed my thighs together. I refrained from outright pressing on my crotch, but I really wanted to. As time crawled by, I became conscious that I was rocking in my seat more than a bit!

Gaetano said "are you gonna be OK? You look like you gotta go, ah, pretty bad". His voice held concern but I sensed he was somewhat amused. For the first time I wondered, is he liking this? Do other people get off on this? Testing the waters I said " I hope I can make it...but I don't know. It would feel so good to pee right now".

He smiled and said " maybe you should go off the side of the road.". I looked up in somewhat mock horror. "In front of all these people? All these cars? No thanks!".

He smirked. " No seriously, I could hold up the blanket for you". We had a beach blanket and beach towels n the back of the car. " it might be kind of...fun". He knows Im as bit of an exhibitionist as once I flashed an army hummer full of soldiers my boobs on a dare and he wasnt the least bit upset about it. I have nice boobs and like to show them off. I was starting to realize he might be turned on. I said " If this car doesn't move soon I'm seriously gonna pee in my bathing suit. You're gonna have puddle in your car".

Gaetano looked me full in the face for the first time and said " Babe...I'm sure we will get off soon and that you will be fine...but just in case, I want you to know that I won't be mad if you wet yourself in the car. You gotta go, you gotta go." He said ." we won't let it ruin our day".

He reached in the back and pulled out a thick beach towel( it had lobsters on it"). " here put this under your butt on the seat in case you dribble". Then he smirked again. And said devilishly, " I won't even tell anybody how the poor widdle " Jessie " pissed her pants".

" Jessie" is my name, as far as you guys know.

" Ha! You wish" I shot back.

Ever had to pee so bad your kidneys hurt? That was me. I was absolutely dying at this point, it was a bit more than 3 hours and I also drank some water early on in the trip. My bladder was throbbing and my need was extreme. I was sweating, I was kind of shaky and I was was using the heel of my foot to press against my pee hole. Maybe it felt a bit good to do this but can you blame me?

All in all, I waited 3 hours and 45 minutes in desperation . With the lifesaving towel in place, I relaxed a bit and was able to make it to a Wendy's bathroom as he got off on the next exit. I ran to the toilet as fast as i could and let out an explosion of pee. The relief was wonderful. I doubt I could have lasted any longer without serious spurting! It kept coming put of me for almost 2 minutes. I had dribbled enough to make my bikini bottom damp but only a small wet spot on the towel was proof of my shameful situation. I rinsed off the stain to my bottoms and placed them to dry in the back seat. I wondered of he'd be ashamed to have a girls bikini bottom visible in his back seat...but I think he was pleased I wasn't wearing any underwear.

I got into the car sheepishly and said nothing. He was still rather hard to read but I finally said " well I made it, do I get a prize?" He winked at and said..."you did an amazing job of self control. You drank a LOT of coffee this morning I think you deserve some kind of reward".

He gestured to his lap. It looked like he was sporting a huge boner! I laughed, half embarrassed and half glad that he didn't find this whole thing as embarrassing as some might...We were close to our destination and as soon as we got our stuff unpacked, we walked a short distance to the beach. He kissed me as we sat down in the sand. " Babe, you know, I have to admit, you almost peeing your panties in the car...I found it super hot". He was blushing a bit, hard to see with his somewhat olive skin. "I didn't really want you to. I mean, but I enjoyed watching you bouncing and squirming. Every time you bounced, your tits jiggled too. Do you think that's sick?"

I wasn't sure what to say but I couldn't believe he even brought such an idea up. This had never been in my normal boyfriend- girlfriend conversation." I knew you were up to something! No, its pretty cool that you don't think I'm a giant baby. Some guys would get upset over a possible pee stain in their car."

" I can't say I would like a stain on the seat but it would've been worth it". Gaetano was seriously turned on my this. Oh my.

In the next few days he asked if I was truly open to the idea of pee play and if I'd be willing to try some stuff...pee holding, wearing certain outfits, etc. At first I was overwhelmed with the weirdness, but I've realized there's thousands of people I to this "omorashi" online and our fetish is pretty mild compared to some. Gaetano seems very happy that I enjoy holding my pee( even though originally, I totally didn't plan for that to happen and I was pretty ashamed of nearly pissing myself in his Cadillac.I find him very physically attractive and we are very compatible. Im wondering if he's open to holding for me. I may find out soon.

The second episode of pee play we did involved me wearing Mary Jane shoes and my hair in braids and asking for " permission" to use the toilet( secretary/ boss situation). It was really hot! Let me know if any of you would like to hear about it.

Bye for now,

Gutterflower

