Wet myself in the public laundry room

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2021-01-16 00:21

Earlier this week I had to do some laundry, and thought it would be fun to try it with a full bladder. My building has a shared laundry room that's open 24 hours a day, so I planned to do it at night when I'd have less chance of running into other people. Once it started to get dark I drank a couple glasses of water and some tea. It doesn't take much for me to get desperate, so I knew I'd be squirming in an hour or so. I also put on black leggings... I wasn't planning to have an accident, but I wanted something that would hide wetness, just in case

After a while I was starting to feel it, so I gathered my things and went to the laundry room. Nobody was around on the way there, and the room was empty. Even though I was alone, there was a surveillance camera and a bank of windows, so I couldn't be too obvious about needing to pee. I quickly began loading my clothes into the washing machine and started it. The sound of the rushing water made me squeeze my legs together a bit, but it wasn't too bad.

I sat and played with my phone while I waited, bouncing a little. The wash cycle didn't take very long, pretty soon the timer buzzed and I got up. Standing made me suddenly much more aware that I had to pee. It was still manageable, but I had to discreetly squirm in place for a few seconds to make the urge settle down. Once I had it under control, I opened the washing machine and switched my clothes to the dryer, struggling a bit with the feeling of wet fabric on my hands. After I started the dryer, I quickly sat back down, wiggling slightly on the hard chair. It would be almost an hour before the laundry was finished, so I tried to settle in and not think about having to go.

The next half hour passed slowly. By the end I was squeezing my thighs together and rocking back and forth a little, trying to use the chair to put pressure on my pussy. I really wanted to hold myself but I kept playing with my phone, trying to look casual. I started to wonder if I should run back home and pee while the laundry finished, but it was so close to done, and I decided I could wait another 30 minutes.

I watched the time tick by, trying to ignore my bladder. I really really needed to pee and was getting desperate, it was hard to hide it. I considered going home again, but a few seconds later the timer buzzed, startling me a little. At first I stayed sitting, squirming in my chair with my legs crossed, trying not to be obvious about how bad I had to go. Eventually I managed to calm the urge enough that I felt like I could hold on until I got home, so I carefully stood up and started to collect my clothes.

Right away I knew I'd underestimated how hard it would be to focus with a bursting bladder. I was shaking while I hurriedly stuffed clothes into my bag, barely looking at what I was doing. The windows were in front of me now and I was directly in sight of the camera, so I had to stay as still as possible to look normal, but I was bent over slightly with my legs pressed together and I could barely concentrate. All I wanted was to shove both hands against my crotch and dance around frantically, but I tried to squeeze my muscles tight instead and hold on until I made it to the bathroom.

Just as I was almost finished gathering my clothes, the urge suddenly got super overwhelming. I froze in place and tried really hard to control it, but I was right on the edge, it was about to come out. Without being able to hold my pussy I knew I wouldn't make it. As I had that thought, the first spurt of pee leaked out, and I just couldn't wait anymore. I stood very still, blushing and looking at the floor while another jet of pee streamed into my leggings, and then another. I could feel the fabric getting wet and warm against my crotch. I was still trying my best to hold on, but I'd reached my limit, and I started helplessly going in my pants. The rush of pee made a hissing sound as I tried to regain composure, struggling to look like I wasn't wetting myself. After what felt like forever I managed to stop it, breathing hard and feeling very warm. I still had to go really bad, but I was soaked down to my knees. Luckily I didn't get the floor wet.

I felt rooted to the spot from the naughtiness of a public accident, but I needed to get to the bathroom right away, so I took my laundry and went home as quickly as I could. Walking around in public with wet pants was a huge turn on, the cool air felt so good on my thighs. I didn't pass anybody on the way, but they probably wouldn't have noticed, my accident was barely visible. Once I got home I instantly grabbed my crotch, ran to the bathroom, yanked my pants down, and let the rest of my pee out. There was still so much, but my leggings were very wet I took them off and washed them by hand afterward. The whole thing was super exciting, I didn't think I would actually pee myself but it felt amazing

*002*2021-01-16 01:09

{{16 minutes ago, sammilove said:

That’s a very epic story! I’d been mortified if that happened to me! I know once the flood gates opened for me, there’s no stopping no matter where I’m at. You must have really good self control.

}}

Honestly I think I was only able to stop because I really didn't want to get the floor wet in public, if I was at home there absolutely would've been a big puddle I was surprised I didn't totally wet myself.

