Forced to Wet Myself

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-11-02 21:40

Tuesday was Halloween as I am sure you are all aware. Usually around Halloween we go to a party at my friends Mum's house but as I mentioned in my last story we had a family crisis over the weekend so we didn't end up going. That plus every thing else that has gone on earlier this year and the other stuff still happening in our personal lives we hadn't really thought about costumes and had planned to just raid the costumes section of our wardrobe for something.

Despite not going to that party we still had cause to dress up as we were having a Halloween event at our pub and wanted to look the part. The first part of the evening was a children's party with games and treats and prizes, all round family fun. Then after that we had a band playing for the evening. On Tuesday afternoon I looked through the back of the closet at what costumes I had there and as most of them were not really Halloweeny I decided to just go simple and go as a cat. I pulled out my black shiny catsuit and then rummaged around for the accessories to go with it. After showering I put on my catsuit and got Alice to come and draw on my make up (black eye shadow, whiskers etc) and once she had finished I did her make up for her. She was going as Sally Finkelstien and after I had drawn on her features she went to get dressed. I finished off my outfit with my tail, ears and a pair of black heels.

Once we were ready we headed down to get set up and once 5 o'clock came and people started arriving we started the games and fun for the kids. Being a big kid myself I had a lot of fun playing the games and entertaining the kids. By half 7 we wound down and the families started heading out leaving those who had come to see the band. They had arrived shortly before and had set up and when it got to 8 o'clock they started their set and I got caught up in enjoying them and serving drinks. As the evening passed I sipped from a glass of wine between serving customers and before we knew it it was time for the band to finish. They played one last song and then began packing away their equipment. I looked at the time and saw it was quarter to 11, another hour or so and we could head home. 

After the band had finished the crowd thinned out leaving just the regulars and a few stragglers so at least I could take it easy now. I busied about restocking the fridges and serving customers as they came to the bar and in and among that I finished the bottle of wine Alice and I had been sharing. I thought about opening another one but then decided against it and poured myself half a cider instead. By quarter past 11 there were only a few people left in the pub so I started tidying up, wiping down tables and putting the chairs up on top of them ready to clean the floors in the morning. I looked around at the Halloween decorations and really couldn't be bothered taking them down now and decided to leave them until the following day.

After finishing with the tables I took the glasses out of the dishwasher and was placing them back where they belonged under the bar when the last couple of people in the pub drank up and said there goodbyes. When I realized everyone had gone I threw the keys to Alice and told her to lock up whilst I cashed up and turned everything off. I finished off putting the glasses away and as I turned to the till to cash up I felt a sudden desperate urge to pee. I ignored it and carried on with what I was doing. I then realized I was quite desperate and then thought that half a bottle of wine, two halves of cider and a glass of lemonade might be blame.

Not to mention it had been like 8 hours since I last pee'd. I thought I would finish off cashing up and then the use the bathroom before locking them up for the night. Between emptying the till and putting the money in the safe my mind had gone off my bladder and I completely forgot about needing to pee. When I came back upstairs Matt asked if we were ready and I said I was and grabbed my coat and bag and headed to the back door. I walked outside and waited for Matt and Alice. When he came out he said Alice had just nipped to the toilet. It was then I was reminded of my own need to visit the bathroom but really could not be bothered going back in. We would be home in ten minutes anyway.

As Matt waited for Alice to come and lock up I wandered out of the beer garden and down the street to where the car was parked. I got in and as I sat down I thought to myself that Alice had had the right idea. Sitting down had put pressure on my bladder and made me really need to pee. It wasn’t helped by the fact the tight material of my catsuit had stretched across my bladder adding to the pressure. I sat waiting for the two of them squirming and wiggling as my need to pee increased now that I was focusing on it. At that moment I was around an 8 out of 10, busting for a pee but not too worried about holding it until we got home. Eventually they came down the street and got in the car and we headed for home. As we drove out of town and up the hill to our village we commented on how well the evening had gone and we laughed about some of the stuff that had happened. All the while I squirmed and resisted the urge to hold between my legs.

We turned off onto the track that leads to our house and shortly after we pulled into our driveway and parked up. We got out and when Alice and I got to the door we waited for Matt who was taking some things out of the boot of the car to put in the garage. I stood stepping from foot to foot, the cold of the night air not helping with my now very desperate to pee. He came over and opened the door and we went inside. I pulled off my heels then went upstairs to our bedroom. I stood next to my bed dancing and squirming trying not to wet myself as I took off my tail and ears and threw them onto the bed. I walked over towards the en suite and sweet relief when I realised I had a problem.

I could not reach the zip on the back of my suit, earlier on when I was getting ready Alice had zipped me up. I quickly changed course and went back downstairs. As I got to the bottom and headed for the kitchen Matt came in having been out in the garage. I asked him to unzip my suit and turned around. He walked up behind me and said “nope”. I squirmed and asked why and he said “because 1, you look super sexy in it and 2, the reason you are asking me is because you need to pee and you can’t undo it yourself”. I nodded and told him I was almost wetting myself and needed to get unzipped so I could go pee. He once again said no and told me he would much rather watch me squirm and struggle.

I moaned and playfully said “fine then be like that”. I walked through into the back living room and found Alice sat removing her tights. I asked her if she could unzip me and turned around, dancing on the spot as I did so. She stood up and as she walked towards me Matt smiled at me and said “Alice, come here please”. She walked past me and stood next to him and he leaned down and whispered in her ear. A smile spread across her face and she said “yeahhh, no im not going to do that”. I squirmed harder emphasising that I was bursting for a wee and so close to losing it and causing a flood. I begged her to please unzip me and she walked forward. Matt suddenly growled “Alice….don’t you even think about touching that zip”. Hearing the domination in his voice and knowing that I was going to be left zipped up until I was forced to wet myself out of desperation made me quiver with arousal and I suddenly found myself enjoying him keeping me struggling.

I squirmed for a little while longer. Holding myself between my legs and bobbing and dancing on the spot. After doing this for a few minutes I realised they were not going to allow me out of my suit to go and pee so why delay the inevitable, he hadn’t said I couldn’t pee. I spread my legs apart wide and with a sigh of relief I stopped holding back. A few dribbles escaped, then a slow stream started and got faster and faster until it was gushing out and going everywhere. The material of my suit made it streak down my legs without absorbing any of it. 

It just ran down the inside of my legs and came out all over the floor in a big puddle. I let my head fall back as I enjoyed the wonderful feeling. After my bladder had emptied the feeling of the wet material clinging to my skin felt amazing. Matt walked over to me and with a nod said “now I will unzip you”. I giggled as he pulled my zip down and watched me peel the wet clingy fabric off myself. When it was off I went and jumped in the shower and then went and helped Alice remove her make up before flopping into bed and enjoying the arousal that I was feeling from wetting myself.

