Nice late night wetting

Author: Gamerman

*000*2012-02-21 22:15

It was about 8:30 pm when it all started. i was on my computer talking to some friends on Second Life while doing an article for my aunt. i had drank soda all day since about 2 and only used the bathroom once. which was around 4ish. i kept drinking soda to and water while tlaking and doing the article, and for some reason, i really didnt feel the urge or need to pee. which was weird cause usually after i drink one big cup of something, water, juice, soda or anything like that, i usually have to pee about an hour after, 4 hours had gone by and i didnt feel anything. so about another hour and a half go by and im still talking to my friends, and i kinda started to feel pressure on my bladder, but not enough for me to be desperate. so i go to my room, put on some PJ's and watch tv in bed still drinking soda, when i really started to feel my bladder get full, and it was finally time to have a little fun ;).

I kept drinking my soda till i was done with it, and at this point its nothing too serious to worry about, but it was enough where i was holding myself a little bit and rocking back and forth every once in a while. about 30 minutes go by and i decide to make it harder on myself by triple knotting my pajama strings super tight, and try to find something on tv about water. i change it to the animal planet channel cause this late at night its always about sea animals and stuff like that. so im sitting there watching tv about the ocean, and i really start getting desperate to go pee.

I was pushing my legs together really tight and holding myself trying not to wet just yet. after about 20 or 30 minutes i took my laptop, some headphones, go to the bathroom, lay a towel on the floor and turn on my laptop. as im standing there i all of a sudden feel a warm spurt come out and go into my briefs, so i quickly squeeze my legs and sit on the towel, thank god it stopped, and it wasnt that much so it was ok. i turn on my laptop and get on a peeing video website, which of course started to turn me on even more. i go to watch a desperation then wetting video, and it started to make me so hard, i start letting out small spurts into my pj's, and it felt sooooo good. i still had alot in my bladder though, i click to another video and this time i let out one long warm spurt which felt amazing. now i could start to see a dark wet patch about the size of my hand on my black pj's.

I decided to take my pj's off to see my briefs really quick, and i realize, i cant untie the knot i made. i sat there for about 5 minutes trying to unknot my pj's. i then realized that they arent ganna come undone. and it kinda turned me on knowing that i actually was stuck and would have no choice but to wet my pj's. after about 3 more videos the patch got to about my upper thigh from letting so many spurts out. and i just said to myself that its time to let it all out. so i sat on my knees, legs pressed together and holding myself as i start letting big spurts come out and through my pj's to where i feel the pee on my hand and run through my fingers.

After about the 6th spurt it all slowly started coming out, and it felt great!! it was nice and slow, as i felt the warm pee trickle down my thighs and around my butt onto the towel. i just relaxed and let go as it all came flowing out, still holding myself. i was peeing for about one minute till it finally stopped. i looked at my pj's, and they were soaked!! so i knew i was done for the night and grabbed some scissors and had to cut the strings of my pj's to get them off. i took a quick shower and went to bed, and cant wait to do it again tonight ;)

