Post Roadtrip alone time

Author: Guest

*000*2023-12-27 16:35

Hello hello

I have decided I am not going to use my toilet till tomorrow (28th Dec 2023) till 2:30pm

Context: I am a male who lives in a flatlet on families property and I was recently away at a camp site with my family for Christmas. Being anxious and having an anxious bladder made me incredibly nervous to do such a long journey (It wasn't a long journey only 5-6 Hrs but for me that is long).

The whole time it was on my mind that I would wet myself on either journey as I was with family... It was a successful trip! My bladder was well behaved but my mind has been lingering too long. So here is how the rest of my day started since I got home:

The Build Up (suspense)

I was dropped off and realized that I would be alone on the property till the new year. Not wanting/ needing to go it slipped my mind but subconsciously put on some blue briefs that for some reason have a white lining in it (Not so white anymore) as well as my new blue swimming shorts as it is also quite hot today (About 28 C). I went about unpacking and sorting my life out and came and updated my previous post about being nervous about the journey.

*Note: I have been drinking many fluids through this since I got back.

I then went to visit my parents for lunch as they live fairly close and by this time I was getting a bit antsy.

When I got home I saw the garden was looking rather sad and some time had passed so it was starting to cool in the afternoon (About 4ish) so I decided to water the garden, starting at the front. At first I was using the automatic sprinkler but then near the end after every 10 minutes having to reposition and me getting quite desperate I didn't want to have an accident in full view of the neighborhood so I quickly finished up the front and moved on to the back...

At this point I was 3 decaf coffees in, a bottle of ice tea and a glass of water.

The First Leak

The back garden is all walled in and small enough I could use an pyramid sprinkler and leave it. This time however when I needed to go move the sprinkler on my way back inside I wouldn't put up any resistance. Each time (There were 3 of them) my bladder gave in I instantly got a warm butt and because I was walking I had a warm trickle down the back of my legs. The sensation was incredibly sensational. The feeling of relief mixed with the warm feeling of release and the freedom of all the anxiety I had all at once. Each time the spurts stopped themselves.

I ran a couple more outside "Errands" each time just to tempt my bladder as it was quite full at that time.

Future Proofing and the First Torrent

At this point I have become quite desperate and know something needs to happen if I am going to continue to drink fluids and make it to bed time (Foreshadowing). I started off with a designated pee corner. I picked one right next to my bed and about 3 steps away from my computer desk. I grabbed my shower floor towel and propped it against my cupboard so no pee gets into the wood and lay out a foot drying place so I can dry my feet before walking around my apartment. I was ready. I stood and unleashed the flood gate, trickling down my leg, slowly at first until the stream became a bit more confident. Finding my new space to go to the bathroom was on its way. I had made a cute little puddle and felt as if I could continue my prepping. 

My computer chair has had a towel on it since I got back just so I don't get a damp musty chair. So I watched a few videos and decided I need to future proof my bed! So I grabbed 2 black bin backs, a thick quilt and some masking (painters) tape. I took off my bedding, threw down the quilt and then cut the two black bin bags and taped them to the quilt, making sure everything was nicely tucked and secure. I then tucked everything and put my bedding back on (Sheet and duvet and everything). I am hoping with my first time pee corner my bladder is so confused it released while I am sleeping as I have not slept properly in 4 days about and have had early mornings every day for those mornings.

The Present Time (6:30pm)

Since starting writing this I must have used my corner 3 times already and each time I add a very large puddle to an already growing large puddle. One time was while I was cutting the bin back and I was squirming and realized I didn't need too. So I shuffled over to my corner and let myself go.

Each time I go more seems to come out and my pants get even wetter. But being swimming shorts they dry to a nice damp before getting soaked again. The bamboo briefs on the other hand stay wet enough for me to be desperate all the time.

I have just made myself some supper and another large mug of tea and will now sit and eat and drink that while I watch something and try keep as desperate as I can for bed time. Already I had a bit of a lie down and in my half sleep state my bladder was twitching at me.

Current state:

Wet, still need to pee despite having just made a large new puddle. Still keeping the tank full.

To Be Continued...

