My Wetting Experience (Locked Out)

Author: Guest anon21756

*000*2012-06-20 04:42

I'm sort of bad at recalling things (which is why I'm bad at reflective essays but that's beside the point) even things that happened not too long ago so please bear with me. I'll try to recall as much as possible but little details like clothes might be hard.

This happened back in the fall when my parents were gone (can't remember if they were just gone for the night or the weekend but that's irrelevant anyways) and my brother was awy at college. It was a rare opportunity for me as I'm almost constantly watching over my back to make sure no one finds out I like omorashi and rarely get the opportunity to indulge my kink. Normally I'd just drink a lot of water and just hold on until it got uncomfortable and then hop in the shower and wet myself, I'd wet myself in my room a couple of times as well but that was a lot harder to cover up and I prefered the shower.

This time I decided to try something a little different. One I decided to not drink a bunch of water right away as I found that it's more pleasurable for me to just let it build slowly and two I decided to try locking the bathroom door to try and entice an 'accident' as the just holding and waiting wasn't working when my brain would be screaming "Bathroom! Bathroom!" I was wearing sweat pants and one of my pajama shirts to start out with but planned to put on jeans later as I got more pleasure out of wearing jeans.

I set a time limit for myself, I'd say it was about 5:30 P.M. or so when I started drinking and I decided to wait until 8:30 before I could unlock the bathroom door. I started with a coke that I had been saving for a special occasion such as this. Then I had a cup of milk. I waited until about 6:30 when I was starting to feel the normal "I need to pee but it's not terribly bad" before I decided to have my first glass of water. I went on the computor until about 7:00 and then got another glass of water by then I was about uncomfortably full but I knew from that just being uncomfortably full for me was nowhere near bursting still I went to throw on my jeans anyways.

When 8:30 rolled around I wasn't as desperate as I wanted to be so I decided to try pushing back my time to 9:30 instead. I decided to go outside and pace as my bladder was too distracting when I was just sitting at the computor or sitting at all. I live in the country too so I didn't have to worry about anyone seeing me as our nearest neighbors are two to three miles away cross-country. The only thing I had to worry about was if a random oilfield dude decided to drive through our yard but that hadn't been happening as often since my dad put up his private drive sign.

I paced for a while singing, talking to my cats and then at 9:00 I was starting to feel really desperate crossing my legs and everything. I wondered if I should just give up and go to the bathroom. I decided to go inside but instead of going to the bathroom I just got another glass of water and then headed back out. I walked up and down the side walk in front of our house ocassionally checking my phone and getting all the more desperate. Sometimes I had to stop and cross my legs. Fifteen minutes left, walking up and down, ten minutes left, stop cross my legs for a second, five minutes left. Finally I headed inside and I really had to go. I had to stop and grab a toothpick as that's what we have to use to open the bathroom door from the outside. I inserted it into the hole in the door knob and started moving it around trying to unlock the door so that I could open it.

I was shaking from needing to go so bad which made it even harder to concentrate and it didn't help that I'd never been particularly good at opening the bathroom door this way. I was really starting to worry that I might actually have an accident standing outside of the bathroom door, which as exciting as that would have been and even thought the floor was linoleum and wouldn't be as hard to clean as carpet, I still worried my parents would find out somehow so I opened the towel closet which is, luckily, right by the bathroom and threw a couple of half folded towels on the floor for me to stand on. Just in case. 

And then...Crap! My toothpick broke. I needed to find something else to use. I headed to the dining room, stopping to cross my legs in the kitchen as I nearly lost it. I managed to find a paper clip and bent it into a straight piece of medal. I headed back to the bathroom my hands still shaking, I came close to leaking a little as I wiggled the paper clip around trying to unlock the door.

Finally it opened and I rushed inside hopping into the tub I let go and let the urine rush out of me. My heart was pounding in my chest as hot urine ran down my legs and soaked my jeans. I peed for about a minute before it finally let up. Then I surveyed the damage. The legs, back and front, of my jeans were soaked, it was the wettest I've been since I was a little kid. It was still really warm so I decided to stand there for a while until they cooled off. Then I cleaned up, throwing my pants in the wash and getting in the shower.

My bladder was really weak after that and I had to go to the bathroom every ten minutes or so. But it still wasn't the 'accident' I wanted :( oh well maybe next time.

