Ex girlfriend

Author: Guest Calvin

*000*2016-03-03 03:11

Been lurking on different sites for quite a while. Stumbled upon this one recently, really enjoy the experiences everyone shares. Decided to share some of my own....

Had a girlfriend I dated on and off throughout college that was the first, and last, unfortunately, that I was able to share this type of experience with.

Let's call her Jenna. She was about 5'6, cute girl, thick but not fat. Athletic build mostly. My favorite thing about her was that she knew how much it turned me on to see her wet, and she used it on me all the time. She definitely used it to her advantage when we were fighting, she made me mad, or I was doing something she didn't like. There are plenty of times she indulged, but I'll share one of my favorite experiences....

I was at a bar having a good time on the dance floor. This is college so you get drunk and do stupid things. We were technically not together at this point, but it was a weekday that everyone basically ended up at the same bar so of course we were both there this night. She saw me dancing and kissing on this girl on the dance floor and didn't appreciate it very much. As the night went on she would keep doing fly-by's giving me the not-so-happy stare. Finally as the night was getting late and everyone was feeling no pain she walked up to me at a table I was sitting at. The girl I was with had gone up to order a couple cheap beers. She whispers to me, "I am pretty drunk and have to pee. I'm going to leave, don't think I'll make it home. You can come if you want." I was drunk and horny so of course I get up and follow her out. I figured she would wait until we got back to one of our places to wet in private. Not this night.

I was walking beside her holding hands and didn't even realize she had started, but she gave me this look I won't ever forget and I knew what was happening. She had on tight light colored jeans that turned a very dark blue. Probably the wettest I had seen her. Soaked all the way to her shoes front and back. Nothing better than a wet ass. And we still had to walk probably 4 blocks back to my house. We walk past a well lit bank drive thru ATM and there are three dudes getting cash out staring at her wet pants. She just keeps walking and says "hey guys".

Made it back to my house without seeing many other people. Ended up having sex on the porch couch before we made it inside. Roommate came home as we were enjoying each other on that couch, but I don't think he saw her pants or anything. Long story short, great memory.

Really appreciate all everyone else's experiences, keep them coming.

