Ant man 3 Movie theater excitement

Author: Guest Desperate fan

*000*2023-02-18 07:33

Hey this is my first time posting but Had to share this cause I couldn't believe I actually experienced this...

I seen Antman 3 on opening night.Now im in the end seat of the row and i arrived early but the theater started to fill(it was packed) and first a couple sits next to me and then later another couple sits next to them(both couples seemed to be in their early to mid 20s). Now the movie isn't really long but still crosses the 2 hour mark. Before the movie started the one guy got up to what im guessing is a trip to the bathroom before the movie starts and he comes back. Both couples have large sodas. So the film starts and through out i see them drinking their sodas and the one girl had a water bottle. Now i see the one girl opening and closing her legs a little and then the one guy kept adjusting himself and moving his legs. So at this point I kinda have to pee myself but my mind was running wild because I was like "do these people need to pee as well?"

I got my answer as soon as the credits came on as the one guy said to his girlfriend "ugh I need to piss so bad" and the girl said she needed to go as well but with marvel movies there are scenes during the end credits so for ant man 3 there are two of them. One was halfway through and everyone just sat there and I thought I seen the one guy adjust his pants a little but they still sat and watched the 2nd end credit scene at the very end of the credits. The lights came on and I headed for the bathroom myself and both couples got up and I seen both couples heading out but then the one couple who said they needed to go the girl quickly walked to the women's and the guy walked into the mens. 

The other couple seemed to be leaving but at the last second the guy said "hang on babe I need the restroom" and to my surprise/excitement there was a mini line for the urinals(this bathroom only had 3 urinals and one big stall) everything was taken and I got in line behind the 2 guys so I was 5th in line. The line was relatively quick but it was hot that they had to wait just a little longer. Finally the one spot opened up and the guy quickly walked up to the urinal and he put his head back and had a sigh of relief as he went. The other guy went as well and you could hear them sigh of relief and their pee hit the urinal when the middle urinal opened up for me and I stood in between them and went myself as they finished up.

Pretty hot to me since it was the first time seeing others need to go badly after a movie

Hope you enjoyed my first post!

