First Double Wetting

Author: Guest Sm5041

*000*2020-11-25 20:19

I’ve been involved in the omorashi community and have had a pee fetish for as long as I can remember. However I have never shared my interests with any of my significant others except for my current girlfriend; soon to be fiancé. Long story short she took to it very well and loves to do holds and have accidents, both planned and unplanned. We have worked together in the past and I have fond memories of her holding her pee all day through the work day and me watching her get more and more desperate and fidgety/squirmy as the day progressed. There were even a few instances where she had gotten off before me and gotten back home and had a full blown accident in the parking lot of our apartment. We have been very active within the fetish for a the majority of our 4 year relationship. I personally always love to watch a girl be desperate and ultimately lose control and piss herself. 

However, I have never been into holding and wetting myself until recently and I must say I enjoy it just as much. I’m gonna share a instance from the other week where we both held it for the entire days which was about 6/8 hours, while eating and drinking while running errands in town and with a 30 min ride to and from town. For a visual she was wearing tight blue leggings and a t shirt and I was wearing tan cargo shorts and a tshirt and we both had crocs on. As the day progressed we both got very fidgety, she is more experienced in holding than I am so she faired a little better than I did lol. Once we got home and got our daughter to bed including dinner and bath we proceeded to drink more until she was begging and about to lose control. 

At this point she was seconds away from pissing her panties which she ultimately pissed her panties and it just flowed out of her like a waterfall all down her thighs and legs and onto the floor. After seeing while stroking my cock and edging I also lost control and pissed my self after in which I cummed. I have many more instances and stories similar to these. Also this is my first post in this community ( I have been a member for a year or two) , I hope you like it.

