Drunk and bursting, so I peed in my friend's driveway

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2022-01-11 19:07

(I gotta pee and I'm gonna hold it while I'm writing, so here we go )

When I was 21 I went to a party with a friend. It was a typical college party at some different friends' house, in the middle of winter. They had plenty of beer and people were doing shots, so by the end of the night I was pretty drunk. Things were settling down and the friend I came with was about to drive me home. She was still finishing saying goodbye to everyone, so I went outside first to wait by her car.

The sudden cold made me shiver as I walked down the stairs and into the snowy driveway. I realized pretty quickly that I had to pee, and that it had been a while since I last used the bathroom. The desperation hit fast. Being drunk makes it really hard for me to hold it once I notice I need to go. Soon I was bursting, and the waistband of my jeans pressing against my full bladder wasn't helping.

I stood in the snow next to my friend's car, bouncing a little and trying to figure out what to do. Going back inside visibly desperate in front of everyone was way too embarrassing, they'd all look up and I'd have to explain I came back to pee. No way. On the other hand, it was still maybe a 20 minute drive back home, and the thought of waiting that long was unbearable. Not to mention the risk of wetting myself in the car. I squeezed my thighs together, knowing I didn't have long to decide.

There was only one other option. Since this house was kind of a party house, people were often drunk and needing to pee. There were only two bathrooms, so it was normal to just pee off the back porch or out in the yard. I'd once had a guy friend who lived there get desperate in the car with me, and the second we pulled into the driveway he got out and started peeing in the snow right there, so they didn't care much about people peeing outside. I decided that was probably my best choice at this point.

Glancing around, I didn't see anybody. It was a quiet street, but very open, without much cover. Even though it was dark there was a streetlight nearby, so I still felt pretty exposed. My friends' house also had a big window looking out on where I stood. The curtains were partly drawn and nobody was near it, but it felt risky to pee in plain view like that. I couldn't wait any longer though. I had to go so bad, it was about to come out, and I was dancing in place just trying to hang on.

Taking one last look at the street and the window, I hastily unbuttoned my jeans. I tugged them partway down my thighs, taking my panties with them, and crouched next to the car. Pee instantly hissed from my exposed pussy. It shot out in a strong jet, steaming against the snow as I tried not to moan from relief. It felt so good, and I couldn't deny I was getting turned on, from both the desperation and the risk of being seen. I watched the door to the house as I finished peeing, hoping my friend wouldn't show up yet. When I was empty I quickly stood back up and pulled my pants on.

There was a big puddle stretching out in front of me, still steaming in the cold air. I knew it would be noticeable on the snow in the daylight, but it was on the passenger side of the car, so at least my friend wouldn't see when she came out. I glanced around again, but didn't spot any people outside or faces in windows. As far as I know I wasn't watched. My friend showed up about 30 seconds later (a close call!), and we drove away. Between the alcohol, near-wetting, and public peeing, I was super turned on, and spent the whole ride home subtly rocking my pussy against the seat

(Okay I need to go really really bad now, I'm grabbing myself and squirming so I'm gonna post this & then go pee right away )

*003*2022-01-18 15:03

{{On 1/15/2022 at 12:10 PM, wettingman said:

I enjoyed your story of risky peeing in the driveway, but what made it great was knowing you were desperate while writing it. I love writing stories when struggling to not wet my pants. Sometimes I make it and others I at least am spurting in the end. Did you make it dry ?

}}

I made it, but just barely! My panties got a little wet anyway because of how turned on I was

