Wetting on Stage

Author: gobphus

*000*2016-05-21 14:42

Last night I saw a community theatre production of Spamalot, which is based on the film "Monty Python and the Holy Grail." There were 18 actors and 180 costumes. I hope the costumes included fresh panties for the women, because early in the performance seven women in green outfits concluded their dance number by turning their backs to the audience, bending over, and flipping up their short skirts to spell out "Camelot" in large letters on their panties. In a flash I noticed that the crotch of the panty worn by one of the women was a much darker green than the rest of her panty. She must have wet herself! Has anyone else seen, in person, a dancer, cheerleader, actor, or athlete who had wet his/her underwear?

I had been falling asleep until seeing those wet panties, but afterwards I was wide awake and looking for more evidence that she had really wet herself, but I never caught another glimpse of wetness.

*006*2016-05-27 10:42

{{1 hour ago, Spurgle said:

That is soo lucky :D I bet it was quite the spectacle

}}

Yes, quite a sight, but over too quickly.

{{54 minutes ago, Tyler Durdan said:

You saw spamalot then? Good show innit?

}}

Very good show. Too bad I was so distracted by looking for wet crotches!

###

A friend told me about seeing a girl dancer totally wet herself on stage. She completed the dance number but then they had to stop the performance to clean up the puddle. That must have been awfully embarrassing for her. I wonder whether she got any omo pleasure looking back on the event.

*008*2016-05-27 15:30

{{19 minutes ago, Fred46888 said:

Especially at older theaters, backstage toilets may be inconveniently located. Some costumes make it awkward or impossible to pee, and they may take a long time to put on and take off. Actors must keep their vocal cords lubricated, so they may frequently sip fluids. All of this conspires to fill the performers' bladders, and I'm sure that by the final act some level of desperation may be common.

}}

Very interesting observations, Fred! I suspect that younger actors, such as the ones in Spamalot, may be taken by surprise by the combination of factors you listed.

*010*2016-05-27 16:22

{{5 minutes ago, Fred46888 said:

I have worked in community theater, and I've seen some desperate situations!

}}

Can you describe some, or would that violate the privacy of adults or the sanctity of children?

*012*2016-05-27 17:29

{{1 hour ago, beth said:

I can testify to this! Lots of water and awkward costumes have caught me out a few times, I've learned to just wear tena ladies and hope for the best. I don't know what I'd do in a show where I had to undress on stage though!

}}

Thanks for confirming the difficulties performers face due to the need to stay hydrated and the awkwardness of costumes. I hope your Tena Ladies have been up to the challenge!

*014*2016-05-30 17:35

A memorable leak on stage?

