My worst Christmas ever

Author: Guest Zach The Wolf

*000*2019-12-25 10:05

Ever since I found omorashi, it has become one of my most frequent kinks. (Not saying it’s one of my favourites. In fact, there are times in which I hated myself for enjoying it.) There were even a couple of rare situations where I did a hold. (Although I always chickened out) This story is about my most recent one to date. And shockingly, it was completely unintentional!

Also this story contains scat. So if you’re not into that stuff, PLEASE DON’T READ ANY FURTHER!

Okay, here we go.

It began on Christmas Day. I already have been playing the video games I got as presents for hours. (Also silly little side story here: One of my presents was the very first Mario Party and i played the board “DK’s Jungle Adventure” with my brother and sister. She tried to stop me from stealing a star from her by trying to take my controller. she yanked the cord and my N64 fell onto the floor. Thank GOD she didn’t break it! >.<) I kept on playing video games until the afternoon when my mother announced that we were going to see our relatives.

I wasn’t too enthusiastic to go. After all, I just got my presents that day and I felt like it was the perfect excuse to relax and do nothing. My mother “insisted” so I started to get ready to leave. Just before we left, she asked if any of us needed to use the bathroom. I took a moment to stand still and lightly squeeze my bladder and try to push out any poop. It’s my way of checking to see if i’m empty. I only felt a twinge at the tip of my cock, likely my pee trying to come out. It was only a small urge so I ignored it. Looking back, if I were to use the bathroom back then.

It most likely wouldn’t of made a difference. So anyway, we put our things in the car and drove off. Luckily, I packed my handheld consoles so I wouldn’t get bored. But my mother said that I can only play them on the car ride, figures. With how much i’ve been going on about it you must think that I hate interacting with my relatives. That’s not true, I just hate interacting with people, period. And hey, maybe I would’ve actually enjoyed catching up with them. 

IF IT WEREN’T FOR THE FACT THAT THE CAR RIDE WAS THREE HOURS LONG! In fact, is was about two hours in which my urge to urinate came back. Something you should know about me is that I have AMAZING holding muscles! (Hence the reason why I always chicken out) But even then, a massive two litre bottle of cordial and two hours in a sweaty, hot car takes a lot out of you. To make matters worse, my seatbelt was strapped in tight against my abdomen. So my poor bladder had nowhere to expand. My younger brother was probably in a similar situation himself because he told mum that he had to pee. My sister who was sitting next to me suggested that he should pee on the tree on the side of the road. I cringed at the thought and I immediately pushed that image out of my perverted mind.

After a while of distracting myself with video games yet again, we arrived at our destination. I was relieved because I thought that after my brother used the bathroom, I could go after him and deflate my pee balloon. Unfortunately the relatives who we were supposed to meet weren’t there yet, so we couldn’t go inside yet. To make matters worse, my grandma and grandpa were there too. So that’s even less opportunity for some time to pee. My brother already went outside within a few minutes of arriving.

Meanwhile as I was sitting down with them. My mother got out a box of biscuits and tossed them onto my lap. Unfortunately it hit my crotch first. I let out a soft grunt before digging into them. After a while I got some time to myself. My bladder was already nagging me, begging me for it’s release. I would’ve left to take a wizz outside, but I didn’t know if leaving my half-eaten box of biscuits there would be suspicious. And I REALLY didn’t want a repeat of the countless times at camp where I got caught naked. So I stayed. Besides, I could hold it for a little while longer.

To be continued.

