Celebrating University Graduation with Mum & Friends - Part I

Author: Guest danitiger

*000*2021-08-22 17:52

Part I

Due to Covid-lockdowns in my country, my university graduation in spring this year was only held online. Some people of my class therefore decided to make up for it last week. They rented a big restaurant and every class member who wanted to join was welcome and could be joined by one parent. Many people from our class and also several parents showed up. My mum wanted to join as well and I, of course, agreed. The nice thing was that everything was supposed to be informal, so no suits and ties for the guys or expensive dresses for the ladies. It was supposed to be a casual evening among friends and proud parents, and it was. We first had lots of nice Italian food and wine and then we decided to go out to some bars later in the evening.

Most parents went home after the restaurant and only very few dads joined us on the taxis to our town's nightlife district. And my mum. I know that she likes to go out every now and then and that she was probably a party girl in her youth, but she was still reluctant at first. Being the only mum to join I guess she felt weird and she said "you don't wanna go out with a 52-year-old woman". But one of my friends insisted ("you would be by far the coolest mum around") that she should come along as they had obviously discussed some kind of bet over dinner which I did not even know of. I found it funny and know that several of my friends think of my mum as a "Milf", but did not mind my mum coming along. And so we went.

As it was Friday evening, the bars were already super crowded and long lines in front of them as they were supposed to only let in a certain amount of people due to Covid. So we got some drinks from a kiosk, stayed in the street in front of the bars, drank, laughed and generally still had lots of fun. We then went on to a bar a few streets away and on the way every guy and girl found some bush, tree or other place to pee as it was difficult to get into the bars to go. Everybody except my mum. Despite having several alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks she told me that she is fine and does not have to go.

The next bar also had a long line in front and so we got some more drinks from a nearby shop. Now, regarding the "bet": During dinner, my friend obviously chatted with my mum about "chugging beer", for whatever reason. I guess my mum then said that they had already done that when she was young and my friend obviously challenged her to show if she could still do it. He had bought two cans of beer and now tried to persuade my mum to chug them with him. She first said that she does not want to do it as this is not ladylike for her age. But my friend kept on pressing her and after a while she reluctantly agreed to try it.

Everybody in our group was now excited and cheered on my mum. My friend and my mum then opened the cans with a key and immediately started chugging like you are supposed to. I must say that my mum did exceptionally well and was only maybe two seconds slower than my friend, which brought her a big round of applause from all my friends and the remaining dads. Somewhere I picked up the words "dream wife" and I was also quite proud of my mum as I had never seen her like that and would have never expected her to be that chill with everything going on. My mum then said that this would be her last beer of the night to which my friend replied that "the night is only starting".

We all talked and laughed some more and after a while I noticed that my mum seemed a little fidgety as both of her hands were buried in her jeans pocket and she was kind tapping one foot on the ground constantly. She then joined the line to get into the bar, but it was moving very slowly. I could see that my mum had her legs crossed with her hands still buried in her jeans pocket and an impatient look on her face. We then decided to move to another bar - this time in a different district - and one of the remaining two dads said that he would sponsor the taxi for all of us to get to the other bar. The problem was that my mum was still waiting in line to get into the bar and so I went to the bouncer and persuaded him that my mum needs to get in just to go to the toilet. He reluctantly agreed if my mum would be back outside within 5 minutes. So my mum went inside and everybody agreed to wait for her. 

After 5 minutes she came back, but did not really look happy. She whispered in my ear that there was also a line for the toilet and it would have certainly taken another 10-15min until her turn. She then asked me if we could find another toilet somewhere. I said that I'm sure she will be able to go at the next bar and the ride would also only take 10-15 minutes. The guys then got some taxis, but before we could hop on, my mum said to me: "I'm sorry, but I really need to find a bathroom before I can get on the taxi. All those drinks have now gone right through me...." I then told everybody that they should go ahead and I would meet them at the next bar very soon. This, however, led to the discussion that everybody thought we would be going home instead, so I had to promise that I would still show up at the other bar.

I guess my mum tried to hide that she had to go to the bathroom pretty bad by now, but I could still see that she had her legs pressed together really hard and she was pulling her already tight jeans even further up on her hip, maybe so that it would press on her peehole. My mum was wearing some red blouse, high-heels and some tight white jeans. She had complained about "becoming fat", but my mum has always been lean and sporty. However, considering how tight her jeans were I noticed that she had maybe really put on some weight during the Covid lockdowns and some people might consider her current appearance slightly chubby.

I told her that we would find a place to pee for her, but as all bars seemed to have lines outside and most likely in front of the bathrooms as well, so I only really had one option in mind. We went one street further where it was a little more quiet and there were some cars and big waste containers to one side. I said to my mum that she should just pop a squat between the cars or behind the containers as I really did not know of any other good option for her that would not take too long.

- Oh, come on, I don't just wanna pee in public, I need a proper bathroom. Isnt't there a public toilet anywhere?

- Not here, mum. There is one close to the train station, I guess, but it would take some time to walk there. We should not take too long if we still wanna catch up with the other guys.

- I will probably rather go home then and you can take a taxi and go to the other bar. How long does it take for me to get home from here?

- Well, if you take the train, maybe around 40 minutes and if you take a taxi maybe 30 minutes. But the taxi is really expensive and I would prefer if you do not go home alone on the train.

- Ok, then I'll take a taxi. Maybe you can help me find one quickly.

We then walked along the street and tried to find a taxi for her.

- Oh my god, I really have to go to the bathroom. I'm not used to drink beer anymore.

We stood next to the street and my mum was now dancing a little on the spot, singing some song and crossing and re-crossing her legs from time to time. Several taxis passed, but they were all occupied already.

- How long did you say it takes me to get to your place?

- Around 30 minutes by taxi.

- Oh gosh, I really don't know if I can hold it that long.

- Then you should better go pee before you get on the taxi...

- But I can't just pee in public like you guys. Besides, I'm not 25 anymore, so people have other expectations from a grown woman than just showing her private area in public.

- Mum, everyone just went to pee in public, so you can do it, too.

We then waited another five minutes, but no taxi showed up.

- Ok, I think I'll try to go behind the cars. But you really have to make sure that no one's around to see me.

- Sure, I'll shield you.

She then went to some little green area behind some cars and looked around a thousand times before she slowly started to open her jeans and pull it down. I stood about 2 metres away and tried to make sure that no one's coming. There were some people on the other side of the street were there was another pub, but since it was dark I was sure that no one could see her. Since I did not hear any peeing I turned around and saw that my mum had stood up, pulled up her black thong panties and was about to pull up her jeans, too.

- Turn around!!!

- Ok....are you done already!?

- No, it doesn't work. I can't pee here if there are people close by.

- Mum......!!!! You have to relax, no one's gonna see you.

- Ok, fine...

She then pulled her pants and panties down one more time and squatted again.

I could see from the side that despite her wearing high-heels, her butt was almost touching the grass. I looked away, but suddenly heard: "Awww....shooot....damnit!" I turned around again and saw that my mum had fallen back and was now half lying on the ground on her back like a helpless beetle, while trying to keep her legs shut together. She wriggled on the ground, but obviously her heels had gotten stuck on the soft grass, so she did not really manage to get up again. It was a rather humiliating position, to say the least, as with her jeans and panties still pulled down, her vagina and anus was exposed to the front. 

"Look away!" 

But I offered her my hands and pulled her up from the ground so she would not get her white jeans soiled on the ground. What I had seen left me a little in disbelief and almost made me laugh though. Of course, I did not try to look closely at my mum's vagina and ass as that would be more than weird, but in the position she was in, it was quite impossible to look away. And she still stood in front of me naked, although she had mostly pulled up her thong and jeans already, in order to pat some grass and leaves from her butt. The first thing that surprised me was that my mother's vagina was not the least hairy, instead it seemed to be totally clean-shaven, which - to be honest - looked a little strange to me for a woman her age and which I did not expect considered she is single (as far as I know). 

To the contrary, her buttcrack looked a bit hairy when I helped her up. What really caught my attention though was that my mum had a pussy piercing and I could see it clear as day when the street light fell onto her that she has a silver ring pierced on the upper part of her vagina. I never expected that and - as I believe that especially as children we saw our mum's naked from time to time - I could not recall that I had ever seen that on her. Anyway, none of my business actually...

- Did you actually pee now?

- Only a few drops. Now I don't have to go anymore.

I then walked with her through the bar street to the other side in order to catch a taxi there.

- Are you still coming along to the bar? I'm sure it's gonna be fun.

- Yeah, if you want, I actually don't care.

We then caught a taxi and were finally on our way to the next bar. On the way I got a call from my friends asking me where I am as they said that they were now having a lot of fun in the bar. After about 5min on the taxi, my mum kinda breathed hard, moaned and started bouncing her feet in her seat.

- What's up?

- What do you think!? Of course I still need to pee. I hope we get to the bar fast...

My mum was sitting next to me on the back seat and her need seemed to be growing again by the minute. Although I think she tried her best, but she could not sit still anymore, heavily bouncing her legs on the car floor, rubbing her thighs and knees, leaning forward, etc.

- Is it that bad, mum?

- Yah, it is THAT bad! I honestly don't know how much longer I can hold it...how far is it still?

- About 5 minutes, just think of something else.

She was now pressing her handbag in her crotch.

About two minutes later...

- Ohmygod...ohmygod...please stop, I need to get off. Please, Dan...tell the driver to stop!

- Mum, it is only like three more minutes to the bar.

- I don't care, I don't think I'll make it to the bar. Ohymod...please let me get off, I really need a bathroom like right now.

- Muuuum! Honestly, just hold it for another three minutes, just three minutes, you'll make it!

- Tell him to stop the car RIGHT NOW or there is a catastrophe about to happen on his backseat!!!

I then told the driver to stop, paid and we got off. My mum was now running around in circles and I told her that there is a McDonald's on the other side of the street. She was now walking in a really funny way, a little hunched over with little steps and her butt stuck out. We had to cross a big street and I wanted to wait for the traffic light to be green, but my mum did not care and just started "running" (as much as you can run with high-heels) across the street and towards the McDonald's. 

Inside it was quite crowded, my mum looked around frantically and then headed on to the bathrooms in the back. Of course, she wasn't the only one who had to pee and in front of the Ladies there was a line of two young women and none for the Gents. Instead of just going to the Gents, she begged the two young women to go first and they agreed. She then went inside the toilet and I could not see her anymore. I used the opportunity go go as well and then waited for her at the McDonald's entrance. She came back after about 5 minutes and looked really relieved.

We then went to the bar were my friends were partying really hard and joined them for another hour. My mum was now in a good mood again and drank some more beer. After an hour, I guess she was a little drunk now and as I was also tired, we decided to go home.

I got us a taxi and my mum almost immediately fell asleep...

