Desperate Shopping Trip

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-06-24 16:32

I have just got back from a morning of shopping which ended very wet and I thought I would share the tale with you all. When I got up this morning I laid in bed for a while with Matty before we decided to get up and go shopping. I needed to pee but having got up earlier in the morning to pee then going back to sleep it wasn’t my usual morning desperation. I decided to wait and enjoy the feeling of a filling bladder and go pee when my desperation got worse. However Matty decided if I was waiting I needed a challenge and told me that I wasn’t allowed to pee until we got back home. I got excited by the prospect and readily agreed. I donned my lady bird knickers (red with black spots) and a white floaty summer dress. After getting my stuff together we got in the car and set off towards town.

On the way Matty took a turn off the main road and before I could ask where he was going he said “I’m starving, let’s get breakfast”. We drove out to a really nice cafe that we often frequent and ordered our food. I had a glass of orange juice that came with my breakfast and then when we finished eating we each got a cup of coffee. I drank my coffee and knew it would soon be taking effect in my bladder and making my rule of getting home before peeing more challenging. When we finished up and got back in the car to drive into town my desperation had already risen to 7 and I could feel urges starting to happen.

We parked at the top of town and set off on our usual circular route around the town centre. As we wandered around the shops I was distracted by shopping but every so often I would have to shift on my feet when an urge hit me and my bladder stretched. When we reached the bottom of town and had started heading back up I was busting for a pee and getting really desperate. When we were walking it was fine but when we stood still to look at something I had to subtly squirm and squeeze my thighs together. It was such a turn on trying to look normal when I was trying not to be too obvious that I really had to pee. The coffee was really filling up my bladder fast and I was climbing to 9 and getting close to being completely full and bursting.

We went into the indoor market because we wanted to go a stall in there and after we bought what we wanted we headed towards the exit door which would bring us out onto the main row of shops in the middle of town. Right by the exit are public toilets and Matty suddenly grabbed my hand and whispered “I think I might go and have a nice pee”. He smiled when he saw me wiggle gently and press my legs together and he went into the gents and I stood outside holding the bags gently shaking my legs and looking enviously at the women going and and out of the ladies toilet. He came out a few minutes later and said “that felt so good, so nice to empty my bladder”. I moaned softly as I simultaneously got hit by a desperate urge and got turned on at the thought of pee streaming from his cock. 

He took the bags from me and then smirked at me. I froze, knowing that smirk all too well. The smirk that means he is planning something. He leaned down and whispered “I want your knickers”. My eyes widened with arousal. As my dom he loves teasing me and quite often he will make me take off my knickers whilst we are out in public and give them to him. He nodded towards the ladies and I nodded, biting my lip. I went inside and immediately felt a wave of desperation as I walked into a cubicle and saw the toilet. My bladder pushed hard and protested at denying her relief when it was so close. I slipped my knickers down my legs and scrunched them into a ball in my hand and walked out of the cubicle and out back into the market.

I walked over to Matty who was now standing by the door and slipped my knickers into his hand. He felt them in his fingers and smiled and said “a little wet, either someone is more desperate than I thought or someone is a turned on”. I blushed and told him it was both. Which was true, my desperation had now risen to 9 and my pee hole had started throbbing as my bladder started putting pressure on her. He slipped my knickers into his pocket and we walked out of the market. We turned left having already visited the shops to the right when we went that way before.There were only three shops we wanted to go on before heading back to the car which was good for me as I was getting really really desperate. 

We were in an and out of the first shop within a couple of minutes and quickly bought what we wanted from the second shop. The last shop we went to, the last shop we always go to, was the game shop. As big game lovers we love this shop. Especially as it also sells all manner of technology and entertainment. I walked round looking at games for all platforms and picked up a few that I wanted to buy and when I found Matty again he had some stuff he was buying so we went to the checkout. The checkout had quite a few people queueing which we found weird for a weekday, it’s usually busy on a Saturday. We joined the back and I stood wiggling and stepping from foot to foot as my pee hole struggled to hold back the drips.

Matty smiled at me wiggling and asked how I was doing. I told him I was bursting and getting close to dripping and he smiled and then leaned in and whispered “don’t forget babe, you don’t have any knickers to soak up any drips and leaks so if you do start they will just drip down your legs and imagine if” he nodded towards the people behind us in line “if these lovely people were to see pee dripping down your legs, they would know you were a naughty girl who couldn’t hold her bladder”. I bit my lip as hearing him say that sent arousal flooding through me. “So you best hope you can hold it” he concluded, winking at me. I squeezed my legs tight together and clenched my muscles hard. It became apparent that the line was moving slowly because someone at the tile was trading in a pile of games so was taking up one of the staff meaning there was only one other server available. 

As the line moved forward slowly the pressure increased steadily and suddenly without warning my bladder pushed hard and I felt a drop of pee run down my pussy. I gasped as I clenched my muscles and resisted the urge to grab myself. My legs shook back and forth as I tried to keep any more drips from escaping but it didn’t work. After a minute another drip escaped and then they started coming with each wave of desperation. I felt each drip running down my pussy and dampening my thighs. I had to keep rubbing my thighs together to stop the drips running down past the bottom of my dress.

By the time we got to the front of the line I had lost so many drips and they were starting to get bigger. My thighs were not only wet with pee but also wet with arousal as I got turned on so much at that fact I was almost having an accident in public. A massive wave of desperation hit me and before I could stop it a leak escaped from my pee hole, ran down my pussy and landed on the floor. I looked down at the little wet patch on the floor. I looked up but no one had noticed that I had just peed a little on the floor. I really didn’t want to get the floor of the shop wet so I gave Matty my games and said I was going outside. When he asked why I nodded to the wet patch on the floor where I had just been stood and he smiled. I dashed through the crowd and out of the door and went and sat on one of the stone wall planters that run along the middle of the precinct. I pulled my dress out of from under me so that any leaks that occurred wouldn’t get my dress wet.

As I sat there I wiggled my legs trying not to leak but every so often my pee hole would open and a leak would run off my pussy and down the wall. It turned me on to know that if any body looked my way they would see the wall getting wetter and would know I was slowly peeing. A few minutes and several leaks later Matty came out of the shop and I stood up making sure not to flash my butt at anyone and we set off towards the car park. As I walked along I kept leaking and felt it running down my legs. We reached the entrance to the multi storey and when I stood at the bottom of the stairs up to the car park above I knew it would be hard walking up them. We were on the third level and as I started climbing them the pressure intensified on my pee hole and before we even got to level 1 I had started spurting uncontrollably. As I climbed the stairs I kept spurting every so often and left little puddles every so often like I was leaving a trail for someone to follow.

We got the to the third floor and came out of the stairwell and walked over to our car. There was no way I would make it home. If I was guaranteed a straight run, no traffic, no red lights etc then I probably could but that wasn’t going to happen. We reached the car and before I could do anything he grabbed the towel from under the seat and put it down and told me to get in. I protested telling him I was spurting and he said it again more forcefully and the arousal he caused made me get in the car. I sat down and immediately put my hand up my dress and pushed against my pussy. The relief from the pressure was so good and I suddenly felt more in control. 

We drove down and out of the car park and set off out of town. We drove for a few minutes and he pulled into the industrial estate on the outskirts of the town centre as he said we could pick up some stuff from the pet store and he needed to go to B&Q. We pulled into a space outside of B&Q. He got out of the car and told me to wait. He went inside and I sat there squirming and every so often spurting all over my fingers. Between each spurt there was lots of drips and leaks and the towel beneath me was getting very wet. I was getting so close to losing all control but denying my bladder the release she needed and the feeling of my pee hole trembling and begging for relief felt so so good.

When he came back he was holding a box full of stuff which he slid on the back seat and then got in the driver's seat and smiled when he saw me squirming and writhing in utter desperation. I told him I was minutes away from peeing uncontrollably and needed to find somewhere to pee. He held up his finger as if in a mock eureka moment. He leaned back and reached into the box and pulled out a collapsible water carrier. He put it on his leg as he took the packaging off and told me he had got it to use in the garden as the hose pipe doesn’t reach to flower garden we recently put in at the end of the driveway so he needed something to take water down there without having to make multiple trips.

He pulled it open to full size and asked if I wanted it. I begged him to give me it before I soaked the car and as I was the spurts turned into a constant trickle. He teased me for a few moments before giving me the bottle. I quickly undid the lid, lifted my dress up and pushed the hole against my pee hole. Instantly my bladder knew relief was at hand and pushed so hard that a strong stream erupted against the inside of the bottle. I moaned out as intense relief overtook me. I peed a strong stream for ages and then it slowly died down until eventually all the was left were little drips.

I took the bottle away examined the contents. It was about 1 third full and I realised that was about 1.5 ish litres. I put it on the floor behind my seat and sighed happily. He winked at me and then pulled my knickers out of his pocket and gave them me back. I slipped them on then we drove over to the pet store and went and bought some stuff. When we got home I emptied the bottle down the drain and rinsed it out and then came and sat at my desk and decided to write this story which I hope you enjoyed :)

