Did a hold while my partner was at work and told them about it afterward

Author: gayfrogs

*000*2024-02-19 23:45

I usually work Monday through Friday, but I’m off for Presidents Day today. My partner (let’s call them Tree) still had to work, and while they were getting ready, I realized I was going to have the apartment to myself for the day and that this might be the perfect opportunity to try doing a hold. I already had a slight urge to pee, and while Tree was getting ready, I was lightly but continually sipping on a glass of water. I didn’t want to get too desperate while they were still home. I’d mentioned being kind of into omorashi content before to them, and while they weren’t judgmental in any way about it, it was pretty clear that it wasn’t something they thought they’d be into, so I figured I’d wait until they left to start really testing my bladder.

We kissed each other goodbye and said our I love yous and they left for work, and from there I decided to see how rapidly I could bring myself to a point of desperation. I nearly lost track of the amount of liquid I drank, and it was surprisingly easy for me to do so. I drank two or three glasses of water, a glass of iced coffee, and another couple glasses of water, pretty much one right after another. It was a ridiculous amount of liquid in a relatively short time. My stomach actually started to feel a little swollen. From there, I knew it would just be a waiting game.

We don’t have a plug in for a washer and dryer, and we’d done laundry fairly recently, so I decided to put on an old pair of panties that I’d never really liked the material or feel of anyway; that way I wouldn’t have any qualms just throwing it away when and if I had an accident in them. I sat around in those for a bit and watched some omo videos, and then I decided to look through my clothes and see if there were any old pairs of pants I’d be okay parting with. I’ve always liked the extra layer of humiliation that can come with totally soaking a pair of pants, and the humiliation aspect of omorashi is one of the main appeals of it for personally. I found an old pair of scrub pants that never quite fit me right, and I put them on.

I figured I would just sit around and play games for a while and let the desperation build, but I quickly realized that the desperation was building a lot more quickly than anticipated, and the pants were not helping. They’ve always been just a bit too tight around the hips and waist, so when I sat down on the couch, the waist band pressed right into my bladder. I couldn’t focus at all on my game. I stood up, and I could feel the pressure on my bladder just from moving. I paced around the apartment a bit to distract myself from the growing urge to pee, but my walk became slow and awkward from my rapidly filling bladder. Eventually I gave in and decided to go stand in the shower.

I still wanted to see how long I could hold out, and I put some YouTube videos on my phone, once again hoping for a distraction, but once again, I couldn’t focus at all. I decided to try and let just a little spurt of pee out, just to take some of the pressure of my bladder, and of course, I let out a larger amount than expected. A small spot of urine, about the size of my thumb, had soaked through both my panties and my pants. It did take some of the pressure off my bladder, but now I was craving more relief.

I set a timer for ten minutes, and time moved so incredibly slowly. I was just standing there, in the shower, legs squeezed together, feet crossed over each other, hand in my crotch, half bent over, barely holding it together.

I told myself that once the timer hit five minutes, I could let another spurt out. This one was a lot harder to stop, and it left a much more sizable spot, about the size of the palm of my hand. I held it together for the remaining five minutes, somehow, but once that timer went off I just could not bring myself to hold it anymore. I fully let go, and I felt the warm wetness go all the way down my legs and onto my feet. I honestly don’t know how long I was peeing. I wouldn’t be surprised if it was for a full minute. My pants were fully, completely soaked.

I did another mini hold afterward. I drank another glass of iced coffee and another couple glasses of water. I let the urge to pee build up for a little bit again, and then I went to take a shower. I washed my hair, face, torso, and arms, and went as slowly as I could, letting the urge to pee build, and then I just let go. And once again, I peed way more than I thought I would. After that, I washed the lower region of my body, got dressed, and threw away my soiled clothes in a nearby dumpster.

My partner actually ended up getting into a car accident on their lunch break (they weren’t at fault and nobody was injured, and they weren’t especially shaken up over it), so they ended up getting out of work early and I ended up giving them a ride home. A little bit after we got settled in at home, I ended up telling them about my hold from earlier. They’ve never been judgmental to me in any way, but for whatever reason, I was terrified they’d be disgusted with me for what I did. To the contrary, they were actually happy for me. They said I’ve been getting a lot more comfortable with myself and my body and they’re happy to see me explore my sexuality. Even though they don’t want to participate in this particular kink of mine, they were super supportive of me exploring it on my own.

