Sudden desperation and accident after swimming.

Author: Glugluglu

*000*2025-06-22 21:00

This happened a long time ago in my teenage years. I used to compete in swimming and was preparing for a race at the time.

My bladder's always been sensitive to cold and water so I've always been careful to avoid drinking too much and taking bathroom breaks regularly when training at the pool. And doing so seemed to have fixed my issue, I had always felt comfortable and never had any close calls. Unfortunately for me all the confidence I'd built ended up vanishing in less than sixty minutes.

That Saturday was a day like many others, the weather was quite cold and humid like most winter days at the time. I had been reading a book and sipping water nonstop for most of the day until late afternoon; as soon as I heard the alarm I started getting ready to go to the pool. I checked if my bag had everything I needed, took a shower, peed and stormed out of the house to avoid being late.

The pool was only ten minutes away and thankfully there was no traffic. I got there, said hi to a couple of people and put on my shorts in the changing rooms as usual. Like for most Saturdays the place wasn't too packed so I finished quickly, put my stuff in a locker room and headed for the pool right away. My swimming instructor was waiting for me with my teammates already.

I jumped in the water right away to avoid feeling cold and our coach briefed us and gave some instructions. Nothing unusual, we listened, started our warmup and swimming a few minutes after.

Things went smoothly for the first thirty minutes, I was swimming well and the coach told us to stop after finishing our laps. it was time for a small break and he wanted to give us more instructions. So I finished my lap, slowed down and as soon as I stopped I felt something that totally changed my mood, a sharp cramp coming from my lower abdomen. My tensed up for a second and I totally lost focus on what was happening around me.

"This isn't happening" I thought in disbelief, how could my bladder become that full? So I put one hand underwater and pressed my bladder a bit to check if I was actually getting desperate. The moment my fingers touched my abdomen I felt another spasm, I was petrified for a few seconds and totally lost focus on what was happening around me.

What made me snap out of it was our coach telling us to start swimming again, which is what I did. As minutes went by I started recollecting myself, my bladder still felt full and burning but the spasms stopped for a bit. So I started thinking "I have thirty minutes left at best, I should make it". We weren't allowed to pee in the pool and I was still in control, holding it seemed like the best option.

How horribly wrong I was! my bladder kept filling at a ridiculous speed and I went from a flat tummy to a noticeable bulge in less than fifteen minutes. The pressure kept growing and growing but I kept swimming with composure as much as I could. In less than a few minutes my body started twitching from all how bad my bladder was aching and throbbing. The sensations my body was sending me were as delightful as they were terrifying.

I could feel my heartbeat screaming from the urge and tension, all the pee sloshing inside my body as I was flowing through water. If I had been alone in that pool It would have been heaven, but I wasn't alone. I had people around and I had to hold it, the training was almost over too so asking for a bathroom break felt too embarrassing at the time. Even though my coach probably noticed something wasn't right, my pace and breathing were a total mess from all the anxiety and physical need I was dealing with.

Every half lap I kept asking myself when we would finish, I was so tired I thought I'd been swimming for hours. Right after I finished a lap our coach told us to get into our cooldown phase, which meant the training was basically over. We just had to swim a few slow laps for 5 minutes.

Doing so made me less desperate for some reason, the urge was still very intense but I didn't feel as many spasms. Slowing down calmed me down a bit and made me finish the session without any noticeable desperation.

I floated a few seconds to catch my breath before climbing the ladder, and even though I hadn't leaked yet I started squirming underwater. Not moving triggered my bladder again and this time it was mad, I couldn't keep a straight face and let out a grimace for a split second. Having no time to think I got out of the pool and started heading for the bathroom.

I immediately felt how cold the air was compared to the water, and my bladder reacted to it right away by contracting hard for a few seconds. I instinctively bent over, crossed my legs and grabbed myself trying to avoid wetting myself on the spot. The idea of walking slowly disappeared as soon as I felt warmth on my hand spreading from my shorts, I was leaking.

I couldn't run too fast to avoid slipping so I ended up panicking and leaked again. What followed was me panting, jogging and crossing my my legs as I was grabbing myself, every time my feet touched the ground I could feel the weight of my bursting bladder. I still didn't understand how it filled so fast but that wasn't the right time for questions. I steeled myself and persevered, I was so close to making it!

I got in the changing rooms (which were fortunately empty) and looked for the bathroom. The moment I saw the bathroom door I realized luck wasn't on my side that day. Bathrooms were inside the shower area and the cold coming from them took away any control I had left. Right when I grabbed the door handle my body contracted again and literally sent shockwaves throughout all my body. A jet of hot piss forcefully came out before I grabbed myself and glued my knees together in an attempt to avoid a full blown accident.

In those brief moments I still believed I could make it, little did I know my bladder couldn't wait anymore. I tried pulling the door handle to open it and get in but my my bladder contracted even harder, I let out a hard gasp this time.

And then well, it happened, I didn't even manage to do a potty dance as all my body kept spasming and trembling. All the pressure inside me burst through and pee started erupting out of me in two second spurts. I hopelessly tried regaining control but gave up after the third spasm. Relaxing my muscled turned my legs into a gushing cascade that went on for almost a minute. I got in the bathroom as I was wetting myself and finished sitting.

I'm sure some people saw me wobbling towards the bathroom but to this day I don't know if anyone saw me wetting myself. The locker rooms were empty when I got in after all. Fortunately for me all bathroom stalls were inside the shower area so water drained easily regardless. I locked myself inside the bathroom trying to catch my breath and waited a bit, The moment I stopped shaking, felt better and was sure I couldn't hear anyone around I got out.

A couple of days later I mentioned part of what happened to my teammates in a joking matter and we laughed about it. One even ended up wetting herself in a similar manner one month later 🤣.

As much as how anxious I felt that day I still consider it a nice memory. If I had been alone holding It I would have been on cloud 9.

On an ending note, have you ever experienced getting desperate and/or having an accident after swimming?

Thank you for reading my story, I hope you'll enjoy it!

*004*2025-06-25 01:04

{{29 minutes ago, Finn is Sleepy said:

I've been in swim teams for as long as I can remember and tbh the culture has always been to just pee in the pool during practice xD very little of my teammates every bothered to get out for the bathroom, the courtesy was just to let people near us know we were gonna do it 😛 only times I've had close calls is when I'm already outside the pool and heading for the showers, which tbh the showers being closer than the bathroom Id often just pee myself under a shower head and call it a day

}}

Omg that's so different from what I've experienced 🤣.

At least you don't have to worry about holding while swimming. Peeing in the pool is almost always forbidden where I live.

Seeing people desperate to pee after swimming is a regular occurrence here haha.

{{5 hours ago, desperateseb said:

Definitely been in similar situations. Once in a wave pool- I’d been waiting for the waves but it started to get cold and the next wave was way more forceful and basically knocked me right in the bladder. A huge leak soon followed and I had to get out and “safely run” to the toilet!

}}

That pool must have been into omo 🌊 hahaha.

Good thing you ended up being fine!

{{19 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Been in similar situations! Glad you can laugh about it now

}}

Nice (or not lol)! And definitely, I look at that day differently now .

*006*2025-06-25 01:40

{{23 minutes ago, Finn is Sleepy said:

Whaaa? I've been in swim teams in 2 different countries and the culture is the same xD never seen peeing in the pool being frowned upon in swim teams, its the kind of thing we know we all do so we don't really care xD besides, no one can tell 😛

}}

That's actually hilarious, I've done the same stuff in 2 countries too lmfao.

I still remember some instructors scaring kids with stuff like "if you pee in the pool water will turn red" 🤣, it was so common.

Plenty of people still do it though, like you said it's not like others can tell. As far as I remember I don't think I've ever peed in a pool to be honest (maybe when I was a little kid).

*012*2025-07-05 11:50

{{On 6/25/2025 at 3:58 AM, Finn is Sleepy said:

I was a man of science very early :3 always testing my hypothesis!!

}}

You'd be a menace here 🤣 .

{{On 7/3/2025 at 6:53 AM, dunnetahl said:

First of all, great story. Loved hearing about your desperation and leaks. I'm glad you look back on the experience positively.

}}

Thank you!

Yes winters are very humid here, the average is 70% throughout all year, I live in Southern Europe.

Peeing in pools is usually forbidden here (for health/hygiene reasons iirc), tons of people still do it of course 🤣.

