Driving Panic

Author: GentOfPee

*000*2019-02-19 01:35

First time posting, so let me know if there are areas I need to work on. I’ve read a lot of desperation, but never had to figure out how to word my own.

Recently, I had to go to a doctor’s appointment in a city 2 hours away. I left campus right after my classes ended at 4 pm so I could be there on time. On the way there, I occupied my time by singing along to music. I drank a can of soda to keep my throat in good condition.

When I arrived, I signed in and sat down. At this point, I noticed some need. However, it wasn’t bad, and the TV was playing A Wrinkle in Time. I still took a couple drinks from the water fountain. I got called back after about 20 minutes, had my appointment, and left with a prescription after maybe another 20. It was around 8 at this point. I knew the pharmacies in my city would be closed by the time I got back, so I went to fill my prescription. This took about 15 minutes. I was at around a 4/10, but didn’t see a bathroom and couldn’t be bothered to find it. I set out for home, drinking a bottle of water I’d brought along

A few miles down the road, I remembered I had an online quiz due at 9. I found a sandwich shop I had a gift card to, figuring I could get dinner while I worked. The woman at the counter told me they were out of bread and directed me to another shop. I did my quiz in the parking lot (the deadline was getting pretty close), went to the other shop for a sandwich and drink, and was back on the highway by 9:30 at a 6.

By 10:15, I’d finished my dinner and was starting to squeeze my legs together. I was at 8, but I didn’t want to make another unplanned stop. I wanted to be home. I had to take my jacket off not long after, since I started sweating and fidgeting.

Another 5 minutes had me squeezing a bottle between my legs. I was ready to give in and stop somewhere, but had gotten to an empty area on the highway. I hadn’t seen any other cars for a while, so I was alone with my bladder. I promised myself, next place to stop and I’d go.

10 more minutes, and there’d been nothing. The bottle wasn’t cutting it anymore. I couldn’t figure out how to situate myself to pee in it while driving, so I abandoned it entirely and held myself. At this point I was bouncing, searching frantically for a place to stop. After a couple more minutes, I was beginning to resign myself to pulling over. That’s when I saw the sign for my exit, and made a deal. Get to the exit, then pull over. I repeated this to myself for what must’ve been the longest two minutes of my life. I took the exit, went far enough to be out of the way, and pulled over. A few moments to get myself ready, and I was out and around the car. I barely got my pants out of the way before my body let go. I collapsed against the car and let it happen. I didn’t think to keep track at the time, but I’m certain it took well over a minute. When I’m done, I got back in the car, checked the time (10:36), and kept going.

I was back by 11.

