Accident in my sleep!

Author: GoobooGooboo

*000*2025-02-11 16:42

Hi!!

Gooboo back again for another short story!

Last night I uh. Kind of held my pee in got way longer than I should. For me that's like. 4 hours. I know suuuper long time.

Well, I did that before bed. I cleaned up took a shower and changed into just these snowman undies! White undies that have a bunch of snowmen all over them. They're cute I love them and they make me feel childish ahaha.

Well, they're a bit less white now.

Hehe. Before I fully fell asleep I did feel my bladder kind of filled. I just. Being so smart and confident just...ignored it. Fell asleep pretty fast and boom. In my sleep I soaked my bed. Totally on accident, but like understandable why it happened.

I woke up like almost a half hour ago and I'm absolutely soaked. My white undies are now a yellow.

They say not to eat the yellow snow...does that still apply to yellow snowmen??

I'm laying in a pretty sizable puddle my thighs are soaked and my butt is even more soaked.

Hopefully you enjoyed this one!!

💛💖💛💖

*005*2025-02-11 21:48

{{2 minutes ago, Alba wetting said:

I love your mood

}}

I bet you do!

{{3 hours ago, jboarder64L said:

I’m jealous!

}}

Hehe. You better be!!

{{4 hours ago, Sprite said:

Good girl~ At this rate, you're going to need diapers!

}}

Neverrr!!! I actually just won't buy diapers for myself haha. I love them, but won't buy em!

{{4 hours ago, trekkie said:

I enjoyed this one for sure! But I hope you did too.

}}

I did!! Hopefully you enjoy my experiences to come!

*009*2025-02-12 04:00

{{1 hour ago, PeeMaster4321 said:

I think diapers are exactly what she needs! Big, fluffy diapers with princesses right on the crotch that fade away as everyone finds out she pee peed in the only potty a girl like her needs, the kind she wears. Isn't that right @GoobooGooboo

?

}}

Maaayyyybeeee.

Probably not tho! I'm fine hehe.

*012*2025-02-12 06:42

{{3 minutes ago, hexsticky said:

Adorable ~ those poor snowmen didn't stand a chance against such a naughty girl!

}}

They didn't!!! They got soaked!!!

*015*2025-03-07 02:15

{{19 minutes ago, chloeomo said:

Omg CUTE! (˶ᵔ ᵕ ᵔ˶)

Hope cleanup was okie!! sounds like you were soaked hehe!!

}}

Hehe. Thank you!!! I tend to wet the bed oftennn.

Cleanup was alright! I have ned protection so it wasn't that baddd!!

