An Officers Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-06-04 20:11

This weekend our town had its annual 1940’s weekend. It's always a whole lot of fun with the town centre filled with market stalls, 1940’s vehicles and aircraft, war memorabilia, 40’s entertainment and people all over dressed in costumes. As always this weekend brought massive crowds, helped by the lovely hot weather. Our pub is in the town centre and to make the most of the crowds and to make it more convenient for the customers so they weren’t trying to pack inside we set up a bar outside on the street to serve drinks to the people passing by and to those enjoying the entertainment in the town square. 

Yesterday my sister and her boyfriend manned the outdoor bar and today Matty and I manned it. Whenever we have an event in town we try to dress according to the theme. With it being 1940’s we put on our army officer costumes to look the part behind the bar. My costume consisted of a white blouse, green waist tied jacket, green knee length skirt and black stockings with black heels. Then all topped off with a green cap and deep red lipstick.

This morning we went down and got set up then as the crowds built up I got busy serving drinks and talking to people. At about 1 o’clock we took a break for lunch and had a quick wander around the stalls. We had a proper look round the previous day so it was more just to go for a walk and see who was around. We grabbed some lunch from one of the many food stands and after enjoying our food we went back to work. Throughout the afternoon I kept drinking because it was so warm and I always like to stay hydrated. I was so busy serving a constant stream of customers that I didn’t even have time to consider my bladder filling up.

When it got to around 5 o’clock the crowds had started to disperse and the other stalls were packing up and dismantling. Matty said he would hang around and help pack up and sort stuff out if I wanted to head home. I said I was fine so he told me to go and have a sit down and enjoy the music being sung by one of the entertainers. I grabbed a cup of lemonade and walked across and sat on a bench and relaxed as I listened to the music. As I sat there I noticed I was quite desperate for a wee. It wasn’t too bad but my bladder was definitely getting quite full. I sat for a while enjoying winding down after working all day.

I sat there for about 20 minutes and as the minutes passed I gradually got more desperate for a wee and was subtly squirming and tapping my feet. I finished my cup of lemonade and was about to head back to see what Matty was doing when he came walking over. He said had finished and Casey (my sister) would finish off. We had parked our car outside of town as the roads and car parks in the town centre were closed for the event. Matty set off to head back to the car and as I stood up gravity took effect on my bladder and my need to pee increased. I thought about going to pee before we left but it wouldn’t take long to get our car and drive home so I followed along behind him until I caught up and we walked out of the town centre to where we were parked.

We walked along enjoying the weather and after about 5 minutes we got to the car. We got in and set off and when we reached the bottom of the road instead of turning left to head home Matty turned right. I asked where he was going and he said that he needed to call in and speak to his uncle about something. He said it wouldn’t take long and asked if I minded. I said it was fine and about ten minutes later we pulled up outside his uncle’s house. He jumped out of the car and said he wouldn’t be long. I watched as he walked up the path and went inside and I sat back in my seat and listened to the music. 

Now that I was alone and had nothing to distract I realised I was very desperate to pee. I hadn’t thought about my bladder as I figured we were heading straight home. Now that I was sat in the car on a detour that was delaying me getting home I suddenly really really needed to pee. I squirmed in my seat and crossed and uncrossed my legs as my bladder became my sole focus of attention. It had only been five minutes since Matty left but it seemed a lot longer as my bladder was really full. I tried to focus on other things but I couldn’t, my bladder was putting so much pressure on my pussy and I had to squeeze my legs tight.

I sat for the next five minutes squirming and wiggling as my bladder started pushing hard. When Matty got back he asked if I was okay and I told him that I was absolutely busting for a wee so could we get home quickly. He laughed and we set off home. As we drove along I could not stop squirming and crossing my legs as I got waves of desperation hitting me. Each one I almost dribbled in my knickers but I managed to stay dry. We hit a bit of traffic as a lot of the vehicles and aircraft from the town centre were being moved away and I was urging them to hurry up before I started wetting myself. 

As we made our way across town I was hit with a huge wave of desperation and a few drops of pee dribbled into my knickers. I shot my hand up my skirt and pressed against my desperate pussy to try and stop from getting any wetter. I kept on losing dribbles and then they turned into leaks. As we drove up the hill to our little village I kept on leaking and was moaning and desperately trying to hold back the flood just a little longer.

We finally reached our turn off and we drove up our driveway and parked up. As soon as the car stopped I quickly opened the door and jumped out. I grabbed my bag and walked over to the front door holding myself up my skirt as I felt like if I moved my hand I would completely soak myself. I could feel the wetness on my knickers and I started rubbing myself through the wet fabric to help hold on just a minute more until I got to the bathroom. I turned round and begged Matty to hurry up and open the door and he walked over with his keys in his hand.

He put his key in the door and then suddenly he turned round and pushed me against the wall. The sudden shock made me spurt a little and I could feel the wetness on my thighs. Before I could say anything he leaned in close and said “you know, you l have looked so damn sexy dressed like that and all day you have been driving me crazy, but now, seeing you dressed like that and watching you squirm with a bursting bladder is just too fucking hot for words”.

As he said this I felt his hand sliding up my leg and under my skirt. The hurry to get inside and pee had completely gone and I felt myself falling under his spell. His fingers came into contact with my wet knickers and he grinned and said “oh dear, looks like somebody is already having trouble holding on, in that case, why bother trying, you are already wet”. He pushed his other hand against my bladder and a spurt shot out into my knickers and over his hand. He made a satisfied moan and said “I want more, I want it all right now. Pee for me baby”. 

He pushed on my bladder again and I moaned out as the spurts came fast and turned into a full force stream. He gently rubbed me as I peed and the mixture of his fingers rubbing my pussy and the relief of emptying my bladder had me in heaven. I just leaned back moaning and enjoying the wonderful feelings and eventually my bladder emptied and the stream died down. He pulled his hand out from under my skirt and tipped his officers hat and in a mock gentleman's voice said “thank you for that Ma’am, I am shipping out tomorrow and that was a wonderful leaving present”. I giggled, leaned in close and whispered “well if you are shipping out tomorrow, I better make tonight memorable for you”. He smiled and opened the door and we went inside.

That was a few hours ago and right now I am sat here dribbling in my knickers as I write this desperately trying to hold on to my bursting bladder. I am still wearing my uniform and after I lose control I am going to fulfill my promise and give my fellow officer a memorable evening.

*005*2017-06-05 06:44

{{9 hours ago, steamlover6 said:

Gemmy, You have no idea what it does for a guy to touch and feel a girl's panties and find them a little wet down there, purely from her struggle to hold her pee when she is absolutely bursting for a piss. Wet knickers is a true and unmistakable sign of a girl really holding herself very hard when she has been holding it in for so long. A lovely story and very well told. Would love to share this experience with you, not having had the opportunity for a while. x

}}

I might not know what it does for a guy but it certainly drives me crazy with arousal when I find my gf's panties are wet when she is nursing a bursting bladder. Same with Matty. When we are holding together and I feel his boxers are damp from little dribbles. Oh so hot.

*006*2017-06-05 19:45

{{13 hours ago, mastert said:

Incredible story, both you and your partner are so lucky. What sort of knickers were you wearing and did you keep them on after the first wetting?

}}

I was wearing white knickers with lace trim and I did keep them on, I wet them again a few hours later.

