My second public wetting adventure

Author: Guest kaylaboots

*000*2022-10-02 23:16

Hi again, I'm back here sooner than I expected. To get to the point, I just did my second public wetting, and made use of some of the advice I received on here (tysm btw ^^). The plan for this wetting was to be a bit riskier than my first one; I decided to do a five minute walk from my house and back at nighttime. I also planned to wet myself at my very start of the walk, which I wanted to try doing while walking. For what I wore, I decided on the same dark blue jeans from my first public wetting instead of black jeans (I figured since I had already done it once in dark blue and gotten away with it, I may as well do it again) and also a pair of black leather knee high boots, which as opposed to OTK boots, would show off more of the jeans. Lastly was a coat which could cover up my crotch if I got cold feet and wanted to stop. I expected to run into at least one person, most likely two or even three. I felt this to be adequately risky enough.

I started drinking water about 3 hours before I planned to leave since I wanted to be desperate enough to pee while walking, and I also took the time to plastic wrap the insides of my boots again for protection's sake. I was pretty excited to get going after the rush from my first public wetting a week prior, and finally the time came. I had my outfit on, and was pretty desperate to pee. I was already jigging around as I left the house, and could feel my heart pounding hard as it had the first time.

I wanted to try to wet while walking first, which is a lot easier said than done in practice. I took the advice I had read which was to match my breathing to my walking and just relax. As I started walking, I did try just this and it partially worked. I let out only a tiny bit but I just couldn't push any further despite being so desperate. I guess it's a thing that needs a lot of practice to just allow it all to flow out. I decided to walk a bit further up the road away from the nearby houses so I could safely wet myself and then continue.

This time was quite a bit easier than before, and it probably helped that I was considerably more desperate. I looked down at my jeans as the wet pattern nicely grew from my crotch and sunk down my thighs, to my knees and into my boots. A bit of it was dripping onto the pavement, as expected, and created a few splashes, but nothing too big. It felt so nice to get it all out of me, and so naughty to be doing it in the open ☺️. The pattern was very visible to me, but I fully trusted the idea that people that passed me would not notice.

Now for the best part; the wet walk. I continued on my walk, jeans wet, and was able to carry myself much more confidently. My stride felt much more secure and normal as opposed to last time where I was so paranoid. Of course, I hadn't run into anyone yet so I had to wait and see. I still had quite a stretch to walk before rounding the next corner, and there I saw my first person. He was still quite a distance from me, so I could mentally prepare to pass him. I wasn't so afraid this time, but I could feel my heart pounding again. As we finally approached, we made brief eye contact before passing each other like normal. He didn't even bat an eye at my crotch. Relief!

For a while, everything continued like normal. I occasionally glanced down at my legs to view the wet pattern and was very happy with myself. I almost made it back to my house before I encountered one more person, which made me a bit more paranoid than I would've hoped. It was someone I knew. Now it wasn't one of my friends, thank god, who would no doubt notice that I had pissed my pants and would make fun of me till the day I died, but it was one of my elderly neighbours who was taking the trash out. Why he decided to empty their trash in the middle of the night, I do not know. His lights and TV were on so he definitely hadn't settled down for the night. But anyway, I knew him and he noticed me as I was passing. Then he started talking to me. Great 🙃.

Now thankfully, being very old, he was blissfully unaware of my wet jeans. I did also cross my legs over to hide it a bit just in case. The heart pounding started up again as well, just to make me extra paranoid of the situation. He seemed to be in a good mood though, and asked what I was doing out, to which I said I was just "getting some air and clearing my mind" 😇. We talked for another 30 seconds-ish and by the end of the chat, I almost forgot about my jeans being soaked. This was the last encounter I had on the walk and was so surprised that it went off according to plan. Now sure, both that guy and my neighbour might have actually noticed the wet jeans and were being nice, but I'd rather be blissfully ignorant and say I got away with it.

I made it home, got my laptop and started writing this (while still in wet jeans and boots) which hopefully you enjoyed reading. I want to thank everyone who gave advice as well, I really appreciate it and it made this so much easier to pull off. I'll probably enjoy these jeans for a bit more then go to bed ^^

&&

