Holding my full bladder all night at a sleepover

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2022-01-08 20:14

One time in early high school I was staying the night at a friend's place. We hadn't met that long ago, and it was my first time being at her house overnight. I was usually very shy about using the bathroom anyway, and I didn't know her well, so I was nervous about what would happen if I had to pee. I tried to forget about it and told myself I'd deal with it later.

My parents dropped me off in the evening, around 7 or so. I made sure to pee before I left my house. My friend was excited to see me, and we immediately got busy watching videos and joking around. A few hours went by, and we were sitting on the couch talking when I first felt an urge to go. It was mild, and even though it worried me a little, I brushed it off and quickly forgot about it.

We moved to her bedroom as it got later. She put on some music and we kept hanging out for a while, but pretty soon the urge came back stronger than before. It was happening: I definitely needed to pee. Still not sure what to do about my situation, I subtly crossed my legs to take some pressure off and hoped for the best. After another hour or so I was really feeling it. I thought about going and using the bathroom, but the idea of her knowing I needed it was too scary, and I couldn't bring myself to tell her. I just pretended everything was fine and tried to wait it out.

Eventually we decided it was time for bed. My friend said she would be right back; she had to go to the bathroom. As she slipped out the door and left me alone, I let myself squirm and bounce around openly. I really had to pee. The thought of her getting to relieve her bladder in the other room made me have to go even worse, and I wished that could be me, finally letting go. I got myself under control as I heard her coming back down the hallway, and we turned out the lights for the night.

It was hard to fall asleep. I remember shifting around and crossing my legs, holding my crotch while I tried my best to ignore my full bladder. Several times I considered quietly getting up and sneaking out the door to the bathroom, but the idea of being caught by my friend or her parents was more than I could handle. I stayed in bed, and somehow I managed to drift off after a while.

When I woke up the next morning, I still had to go, but my desperation wasn't so urgent. I could tell that my bladder was very full, but I felt like I could hold it longer, the need wasn't as sharp and insistent. My friend and I talked as I packed up my things, and then she suggested we go watch tv while we waited for her mom to take me home.

We went into the den and sat in some soft recliners as she turned on the tv. It was quiet aside from the show she'd put on, and I watched with her for a little bit, but it only took a few minutes for my bladder to not-so-gently remind me of the problem. I suddenly had to go so badly. It was like flipping a switch, the desperation took over and I kind of froze up, just trying not to pee myself. I futilely struggled to hide it for a little bit, but it was a lost cause.

From that point I was obviously desperate, I couldn't help it, I started to wiggle around in the chair and cross my legs in front of my friend. I had to keep moving or it was all coming out. I bounced and squirmed, switching between sitting on the whole seat and just the edge. She saw me and asked gently if I needed to use the bathroom, but I told her I was fine, clearly lying. I tried to pretend to watch tv, but I was visibly potty dancing, shifting positions every couple seconds, sitting on my heel, sliding down to sit on the floor and then back up into the chair again.

After an excruciating few minutes her mom was ready to take me home, and we got into her car. I was in the back with my friend in the front, so I took advantage of being slightly hidden and crossed my legs tight, still squirming. The ride home was about 10 more minutes. I honestly didn't know if I'd make it, but I couldn't let myself think about having an accident, so I just kept holding on. It felt like ages, and the bumpy roads were torture on my swollen bladder, but we finally pulled into my driveway.

I practically leapt out of the car and said a quick goodbye, thanking my friend's mom for the ride. I started up the driveway, hoping they'd pull away soon and wouldn't see it if I peed my pants. The car left as I disappeared around the side of the house and ran for the back door. My parents weren't home, and they'd left the back door unlocked for me, but the handle was a little tricky. I fumbled with it at first as I tried to get in, frantically dancing in place, but I managed to open it and rush inside.

As soon as I got in I jammed my hands between my legs, shaking and squirming. I was so close to relief, but it felt like if I moved my pee would flood out. I just stood there for a few seconds, almost in tears. Finally, I gathered enough strength to make a final dash to the bathroom, and I ran for it.

I made it through the bathroom doorway with seconds to spare. I was almost there, I'd been holding it for so long, but as I took my hands away from my crotch to pull my pants down, it was too late. I started peeing in my panties full force, I couldn't stop it. Quickly yanking my pants out of the way, I sat down, sliding my panties down too even though I was already peeing through them. The relief was incredible as I finally emptied my bladder after hours and hours of desperation.

When I was done, I checked how badly I'd wet my clothes. My panties were completely soaked, and there were a few drops and wet patches on my pants where I hadn't gotten them off in time. I was embarrassed to still be peeing myself in high school, but also relieved that I'd managed to hang on until I got home, and that nobody had seen my accident. I put my wet clothes in the laundry and started it, and my parents never found out.

*007*2022-01-11 13:03

{{21 hours ago, Secret2020 said:

Do you remember how long you held it? At what time did you get home in the morning?

}}

I think the person above who guessed 14 hours is right. I got home mid-morning, probably about 9am, and I'd last peed around 7pm. Definitely only lasted that long because I was sleeping; if I'd been awake the whole time I could never have held it. I can also hang on longer when I'm in situations where I can't go, if I'm just at home then holding for even half that length is a big challenge.

*009*2022-01-11 16:17

{{1 hour ago, Imabedwetter said:

Wow, that's a long time to hold it. I was never that good at holding it, I still couldn't hold it that long, awake or asleep. I'm a bedwetter, if I was in that position, I would've probably woke up extremely soaked and embarrassed. I didn't go on many sleepovers growing up because of my bedwetting. Now when I'm away from home I wear overnight pull-ups to bed.

}}

Oh I also wet the bed all the time until I was like 12, I could only have sleepovers if I wore pullups.

*011*2022-01-12 02:56

{{1 hour ago, DesperateToes said:

Have you ever tried masturbating with a full bladder? It might help to hold longer, and the masturbation and orgasm would feel WAY stronger 🙂 Especially if you learn to be turned on by the feeling of needing to pee

}}

Oh I do that all the time lol 😄 I'm very turned on by desperation & usually masturbate to help hold it

*016*2022-01-18 15:22

{{On 1/15/2022 at 12:54 PM, wettingman said:

I just came back and re-read this because I enjoyed it so much. It got me wondering, weren't you worried about wetting the bed in your sleep, since you were so desperate you were holding yourself and could not fall asleep for awhile ? Or were you wearing protection ?

}}

I was a little bit worried about it, but I'd stopped wetting the bed by that age, my body would just wake me up instead, so I wasn't really thinking about it too much

*019*2022-05-24 06:55

{{On 5/22/2022 at 9:17 AM, Agarzilla said:

I always feel so bad for those who are too shy to excuse themselves even if they're about to have an accident. What would you have done if you reached your limit while you were still at your friends house?

}}

Hmm... honestly with how shy I was, I think I probably would've just wet my pants lol. Or at least would've started peeing, and finally gone to the bathroom, but still partially wet myself.

