How my first ever ultrasound almost turned into a public accident

Author: Glugluglu

*000*2024-09-22 16:09

Hi everyone! I’ve always wanted to write stories about my public omo experiences but never had the time, I probably already mentioned this one but never made a post about it, I just hope my text is readable.

This story happened 2–3 years ago (I probably don’t remember everything). I had been dealing with chronic IBS for months and after getting visited by a couple of Doctors they both recommended a full abdomen ultrasound.

I didn’t think much of it at the time since I never had one and set a date in a specialized center.

What could possibly go wrong? The day of the appointment comes, and while I was getting dressed I chose to wear a black winter coat because temperatures were starting to drop. Little did I know how much that coat would help me in the next few hours.

I leave the house and while I’m waiting for the bus I start reading the prep sheet.

“No fasting is necessary; empty your bladder then drink 1L (32oz) of water 60 minutes before the exam; don’t empty your bladder again until the end of the exam”

I was already quite used to drinking and holding my pee and 1L for 60 minutes wasn’t exactly something I considered a challenge. “This is going to be easy”, that’s what I thought, and boy was I wrong.

A brief parenthesis about myself, I’m 193 cm/6'4 tall, which means most public seats in my country tend to be uncomfortable and don’t allow me to sit properly, and while my bladder tends to be quite big it’s also very easy to irritate and fast to fill (with specific drinks or low body temperature).

I got off the bus at around 2:30pm, bought a bottle of water and started drinking, the weather was cloudy and my body was still warm only thanks to my coat, nothing too bad though, I took a nice walk and reached the medical center at around 4pm.

The reception lady told me the Doctor was waiting for me and that I could get in, I follow her and meet him, a seemingly respectful man in his 70s who says hi and asks me to lie down on a couch.

After explaining the process and trying to see how full my bladder is with his instrument he smiles and says “There’s nothing in here, drink some more and come back when your bladder is full”.

While I was a little surprised my body was agreeing with him, I didn’t need to pee at all, so I got up and told the receptionist I’d come back later, she told me it was fine and that they’d call me back in 30–45 minutes.

This is when I made two critical mistakes, the first was chugging another 1L bottle, the second was taking a short walk right after, as I was walking I realized the sun wasn’t up anymore and all of a sudden I started feeling cold in my bones.

The cold ramped up my kidneys and it happened, all that water went right through me in 15–20 minutes.

I wasn’t squirming yet but I got back in the waiting room and sat down again. Little did I know that they had forgotten to put me back on the waiting list.

After surviving 20 more minutes of sitting without squirming I thought I was going to get called in minutes, seconds even, too bad they let me wait a total of 45–50 minutes since I came back in.

The last 30 minutes felt horrible, I was around people and didn’t want to squirm, but there’s only so much muscles can do at 7/10 and almost 90% capacity, my bladder was so stretched I had to extend my long legs forward to avoid putting pressure on it.

That’s when I thought “for fuck's sake I’ve been holding my pee for a decade, don’t tell me I’m going to piss myself in a fucking hospital with people around”.

I asked the receptionist and after realizing the mistake they asked me to wait 15-20 more minutes and that they’d call me back this time.

My brain was conflicted between being scared of the outcome plus all the suffering I was dealing with and “ eh fuck it, I think I can make it”.

Too bad I couldn’t pee, I HAD to hold it this time and it wasn’t fun, so I sat back down, unbuckled my belt and put my coat back on to keep me warm.

After reaching 8/10 (and having a very small leak) no matter how much I tried to stay composed I was rocking back and forth and breathing erratically, I probably made some noises too but didn’t care about people noticing anymore, I was too close to give up.

The only thing that saved me was my coat, my bladder wasn’t spasming thanks to not being cold, all my muscles were just tensed trying to cope with the unbearable pressure.

Then all of a sudden someone called my name!

Adrenaline kicked in and my nervous system went crazy, as soon as I slowly got up I started getting full body heatwaves, I wasn’t thinking straight anymore and wanted everything to be over fast.

I lied back on the couch once again and told the doctor “Please hurry up, I really have to go”.

That’s when we both noticed how big the bulge was, as soon as he started using his instrument on the gel and pressing on my bladder he looked at his screen and said “Oh wow, your bladder is very full” to which I wanted to reply “NO SHIT”.

I was too busy trying to stop myself from flooding the room though, him pressing on my bladder made me leak a little more (other than the full body heat waves I was still getting, it was just too full and the dam was close to breaking).

After 15–20 minutes he told me it was over. I slowly got up and very slowly reached the toilet walking bent over, my hands were jammed between my thighs too, but I had no dignity anymore.

I made it, closed the door and peed for what felt like an eternity, the effort depleted all my energy and my legs kept shaking and twitching for minutes even after I was empty.

Let’s just say it was an extremely uncomfortable and unpleasant experience, after that day I started being more careful about drinking in public, having said that I’ll definitely prepare myself better for future ultrasounds, If suffering is inevitable might as well embrace it and have fun with it haha.

I hope your eyes survived my wall of text haha.

*005*2024-09-29 23:47

{{On 9/25/2024 at 12:06 AM, wetchris said:

I had a similar experience and explained to the nurse that I really had to go.But she said she was nearly done and asked me to hold on for another five minutes. It was torture and I leaked into my underpants as I got off the table. I hobbled into the small changing area but there were no toilets there and I had to get dressed quickly and get out to the reception area where the toilets were situated. But I couldn't hold it and just stood there pissing in my white y-fronts and making a puddle.

All I could do was take off the gown they had given me, mop up the floor and then put it in the laundry bin. I put my wet undies in my bag and went out commando!

}}

Oh no! That's unfortunate, I'm glad you found a way to get out of that situation.

{{On 9/25/2024 at 5:03 AM, slothmallow said:

Oof, that sucks that they forgot to put you back on the waiting list! I can totally relate to holding and desperation being super fun in private and no fun at all when in an unexpected public situation. I'm glad you made it! Thanks for sharing this story!

}}

Yeah, it's all fun and games when we're alone or holding with omo people, not so much when we're in public.

At least people empathized, the Doctor told me plenty of people can't hold it and wet themselves in public while waiting or during the exam.

Not fun at all, but that's how the exam works unfortunately.

{{On 9/25/2024 at 1:11 PM, CarmenCD said:

Almost every time, but last time I had ultrasound it actually happened. Luckily not in the doctors office, but on the way to the bathroom when the check-up was over. It was an embarrassing walk back to the car which was parked quite far away, 20 minutes walk through the busy streets in the middle of the day.

}}

I'm so sorry, that must have been so embarrassing.

That's what they told me too, plenty of people have accidents because of the exam.

{{On 9/27/2024 at 6:08 AM, wettingman said:

I had an ultrasound done about 3 years ago to check for prostate caused urine leaks and retention.

}}

Thank you for your story, I'm sorry for your wife, that's what happens with these exams unfortunately.

Sometimes people can't hold it, nothing to be ashamed of.

