Bathroom Being Fixed

Author: Guest Renlhefhtbazil

*000*2016-06-24 20:15

Last summer I moved in with my brother, his wife, and their daughter. We lived in an apparent meant for a few months before they decided to move back to our hometown. I was excited to be back, and packing was a breeze because I had just moved in anyway. The new house we moved into was small and needed work, but most of all, the bathroom did. I was the stay at home babysitter, since my school was only an hour a day. My mom would take my niece in the morning then after class I would babysit for the rest of the day.

One day, without warning, the landlord and the manager came over to fix the bathroom. The toilet was fine, all it needed was the seat to be fixed. The bathtub was the problem, it leaked like crazy and was loud. My brother didn't tell me they were coming today, so I took my niece to my moms house so she could nap and be away from the loud noises. They had to break open the wall to get to the part they needed to fix, so this was going to take hours. It was still early when they started, about 9 am, and it was a holiday so I didn't have school.

I opted to stay home and make sure they got it done, also to clean and sleep in a little bit. About an hour into it, I realized I needed to pee, but not too bad. I decided I could hold it, and if things got bad, I would just walk up to my moms house. They turned the water off to fix the tub, so the toilet didn't work.

It was a hot day, and I was tired. I decided to take a nap maybe to keep my mind off my need. I slept for about an hour and was woken up by two things, the hammering on the wall, and my desperate need to pee. I reached down to hold myself, only to find that my panties and shorts were already damp, I was leaking already! I panicked, knowing that if I stood up I would spurt and I might not be able to stop it. I had to do something though, I couldn't wet the bed!

I quickly jumped up and opened my door, holding myself tight. I slipped my hand in my panties and applied pressure to my peehole. I moaned, knowing that if I didn't move soon I would start peeing myself now. I ran to the back door, leaking along the way. Pee was running down my legs, and I was extremely turned on.

When I got outside, I didn't even have time to pull down my shorts before I started peeing full force. I threw myself against the wall in relief, moaning loudly and rubbing myself as the warm pee ran down my legs, making a hissing noise against my tight shorts. My hand was completely drenched and my wet panties made everything so much hotter. My legs were shaking, my mouth hung open in complete bliss. The hot pee splashed onto the pavement and I slid down to a squatting position, shaking as I came closer to climax, pee still gushing out of me. My moans grew louder, I didn't even care that the neighbors could hear me.

When I was done, I took off my shorts and panties and put them in the washing machine in the garage, and slipped on pajama pants that were sitting in the dryer. I went back inside, and fell back asleep.

