Double Feature

Author: GentOfPee

*000*2019-04-01 02:15

Friday was… interesting. Some friends and I signed up to go to a conference a few states over. I didn’t realize until later that it was 6 hours away.

We stopped after about an hour and a half to eat. I used the bathroom, then had a drink and got a refill for the road. Once I finished that, I got a water bottle from the back. I did fine for another hour and a half before starting to feel it. We’d started the trip late in the day, so I tried to ignore it. Another fifteen minutes had me shifting a bit, and every now and then I had to subtlety give myself a bit of a squeeze. I started sweating.

After a couple minutes of this, I realized I had to do something. I had already been yawning, but I exaggerated it a bit. My friend asked if I was doing alright and I said that I should probably get some caffeine to keep me awake. We took the next exit and found a gas station. I managed to look casual up until I entered the bathroom. I got that spike in desperation that a lot of people get when they’re so close to being able to let go. I locked myself in the stall, fumbled with my pants, and started leaking. After about two spurts, I sat down and pissed through my pants. Once I had enough control to stop, I took off my pants and finished up.

I tied my jacket around my waist to cover what I could and went back into the shopping area. Because I needed to keep up the pretense (and because I was starting to get tired, it being about 10:30 pm after a full day of classes) I got a canned coffee. At this point my pants are already pretty wet and I still have two and a half hours before we would arrive.

I tried to take it slow on the coffee. It worked alright, but you can only spread that out so far. After about an hour and a half (my bladder seems to have a pattern, I guess?) I was only feeling a slight need. The problem was that the coffee wasn’t keeping me awake enough anymore. I had to ask my friend to grab me a soda can from the back. I sipped at that until it was empty, then waited as it passed through me. Fifteen minutes later and 45 minutes from the destination l and I can feel it starting to catch up. I can still sit still, but I know that’ll change soon.

With 30 minutes to arrival the squirming started up. It was slow, but increasing rapidly. It would be ridiculous to pull over now though, and we were all tired. The sooner we got there, the better. Five minutes crawl by, and I start having to use my hand to hold out. The denim of my jeans is still wet. Among the wiggling, squeezing, and nervous glances at my friend, I feel myself start to sweat. This is when I realize I won’t make it to the hotel.

I hold out for another 5 minutes before I accept that I’ll be wetting the driver’s seat, and it’s better to do it now so it’ll soak into my jeans and not leave a puddle on the leather seats. After a few tries, I started to feel my pants get a lot warmer and wetter. I stopped after about 20 seconds out of reflex, but decided that’s I might as well keep going since I was already soaked. I felt it start to drip down my calves before I was empty. Once we got to the hotel, I adjusted my jacket and stood at the back of the group. In the room I stood aside and waited for everyone else to use the bathroom and settle in before I showered. Snapped some pics too. (Note: The back is completely wet, look at the bottom right corner to see where it stops.)

$$

$$

