Watching My Friend Pee

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2019-09-04 06:57

After I graduated high school I only really kept in contact with one friend. I had met her in 10th grade and we were still pretty good friends after graduating.

We had a lot of free time back them since we weren't bound by school anymore and managed to hang out pretty regularly. We typically hung out in the garage of my parents house and spent the night bullshitting, listening to music, and drinking.

The garage had a weird old closet that had been converted into a little tiny bathroom. If you sat on the toilet you could lean forward and your head would be above the sink.

It was actually awesome because we drank beer a lot and thus had to pee a lot. Sadly even if we didn't have music going the door was insulated enough that I couldn't ever hear her peeing unless maybe I put my ear right to the door and then she would see my feet through the bottom crack and that I was clearly trying to listen.

One night I just couldn't resist. We were having a good old fashioned great conversation between chums. After a perfectly timed pause to stop and take a sip of brewski she causally said "I have to pee."

I tried to sound just as causal back and not sound weird. "Well leave the door open then so we can continue this talk." To my surprise she hesitated at first but still said "....okay. But don't make it weird."

And so I didn't. We kept talking as she got up from her camping chair. Her black skinny jeans had a peculiar texture, and they nicely wrapped around her butt. It gave a perfect silhouette of the curve of her cheeks and how they flowed into her thighs.

I tried to keep eye contact but Im sure she saw my gaze drift ever so slightly. As she pulled her pants down I saw her grey lady boxers slide down too, and for just a brief moment I saw a flash of her amber brown pubes as she sat down. With the door open the sound of her pee echoed throughout the entire garage.

She had put away three beers since her last pee and her bladder must have been aching. She must have peed for a solid 40 seconds. Right as she finished she paused our conversation to say "Sorry dude, I really had to go." I awkwardly laughed and said I don't mind.

As she sat there, done, she said "Don't look while I whipe dude." Since I am a proper gentlemen I turned my head while I heard her rip off some paper before flushing. I remember how nicely her boobs jiggled as she pulled her pants back up.

I guess she never thought twice about it later, or just forgot. Probably for the better.

