The Airplane Game

Author: GoldenG8

*000*2019-07-10 05:53

Sometimes when I travel by air, I like to play a little omo game with myself. @Pistachio insisted I must share this with the community, so here it is: The Airplane Game.

A few years ago, I was taking a trip on which I couldn't get a direct flight for a reasonable price, so I made up a game to pass the time on the two-leg journey. I wore black sweatpants made out of a highly absorbent fabric, with a Speedo underneath. I gave myself three “lifelines,” or trips to the bathroom. Lifeline 1: A normal piss in a toilet. Lifeline 2: A piss through my innermost layer of clothing (the Speedo, in this case). Lifeline 3: An opportunity to go in the stall and change my outermost layer of clothing. Other than that, I could not use a bathroom from the time I left home until I arrived in my hotel room. I had to drink a liter of water for each leg of the flight, and whatever free beverages were offered to me.

The timeline of things is a bit fuzzy, but from what I recall, I got super desperate on leg 1, and used my first lifeline in the airplane lavatory right before we started our descent. On leg 2, I managed to discretely sit on a few napkins before the others seated in my row arrived. Using my tray table and laptop as cover, I finally started peeing in my sweatpants after we hit cruising altitude – only by pushing really hard. I didn’t have to worry about going too much, since the nerves were making it impossible to fully let go with people sandwiched on either side of me — but I did start to get pretty desperate, so I pushed out enough to make it halfway down my thighs, and wet the napkins quite a bit. Arriving at the airport, I used lifeline #2 in the bathroom across from the gate, peeing a torrent through my Speedo for what seemed like an eternity. I patted dry with toilet paper, pulled up my damp sweatpants, and was peeing squirts in them again by the time I got to baggage claim.

The line for rental cars was interminable, and I distinctly recall passing the time by continuing to pee squirts in my pants. At this point, I’d hit the sweet state of bladder equilibrium — where it feels like I’m emptying it at the same rate it’s filling up, and that perfect tingle sticks around forever. Nobody was looking at my pants — they were bored out of their minds and playing on their phones, or staring bullet holes at the people behind the counter (all three of them — there should’ve been eight).

When I got to my car, I put a plastic bag down on the seat and continued squirting just a little as I drove to the hotel, then squirted more as I waited in line to check in. Somewhere (probably here), I’d read about the courage some omo fan had to muster to pee themselves while actually talking to a hotel clerk face to face, so I made it a point to do that. Achievement unlocked! But then, I was caught off guard: I was told my room wasn’t ready — BUT if I were willing to wait a couple of hours, I could have an upgrade to the coveted one-bedroom suite with a view. Bypassing my brain, my mouth asked, “Can I wait by the pool?” The answer was yes — so it was game on.

I used my last lifeline to put my board shorts on over my already-soaked Speedo in the hotel lobby bathroom, then headed to the pool, where I continued pissing myself to my heart’s content on a lounge chair while sipping a frozen margarita. The upgraded room had a Japanese soaking tub, which turned out to be the perfect place to wash my piss-soaked sweatpants. I had a pretty steamy hot phone call with my then-girlfriend (who was really, really into piss, but alas, we didn't stay together long), then almost regretfully showered and put on “real” clothes. After a day of wetting like that, putting on clothes I don’t intend to pee in is always a bummer! But there was more pool time in the days that followed, and there’s no better way to have coffee and breakfast than while slowly pissing yourself on a comfy lounge chair in the morning sun.

Anyone else make rules for themselves on a long trip like that? For anyone planning to travel in the near future, I invite you to try The Airplane Game and post your experiences here!

*003*2019-07-10 15:34

{{15 minutes ago, SoggyShorts said:

Damn that sounds like fun!

The briefs I normally wear are of the same material as a speedo anyway, so I wouldn't even alter that detail – just use my regular underwear and it's good to go, so to speak. I have a pair of black New Balance wind pants that are perfect for this sort of thing – they are just as comfortable wet as dry, and stop glistening almost immediately, removing any visual evidence of a wetting. Of course, being the wetlook lover that I also am, I'd probably just hop into the pool with them still on LOL

}}

You might get some strange looks from the other hotel guests! What kind of briefs do you normally wear? I’m always on the lookout for the best ones.

$$

*006*2019-07-10 18:46

Very nice, @SoggyShorts

— I’ll investigste! @REDstoplight 

Interesting question... since the game gets its thrill from having to balance your limited capacity to hold liquid inside your body with the need to be extremely creative about holding and disposing of it outside your body. How much can these pull-ups hold? Does the capacity change if you squirt versus if you flood? I suppose you could create an alternate set of rules and lifelines based on what’s an “achievable challenge” for you in pull-ups versus what’s tough but doable for me in athletic attire.

