Couldn’t Be Wetter

Author: Guest Merry Crystal

*000*2016-12-13 08:43

Here, as my first entry of contribution to this community, is a story happening back in my time at the university. For the final uni year, I moved from my downtown residence to a quiet sea front flat. It was a wonderful place. Whenever I felt overwhelmed by the school work, I could always go for a walk on the beach dipping my feet into the water (there is no lifeguard on that beach making it not ideal for swimming) or jog along the esplanade.

The only drawback of living in such a remote place was transportation. Buses running between my flat and the campus came only once an hour. If I missed one bus, well, that would definitely ruin my day. So catching buses had always been my highest priority. However, I was not really good at scheduling, and I usually felt like to stop doing the uni business only few minutes before the bus would arrive, which was long enough for me to catch the bus solely without using the bathroom before. In addition, I drank a coffee and a coke every lunch trying to keep myself spirited in the afternoon. But… the stimulant effects of caffeine always worked very debatably on me. Its diuretic effects, on the other hand, was always considerable. 

Which means that when I left the campus every afternoon, I would have a pretty full bladder. It would take 30 minutes to my home. Judging by the length of time, I should have no problem to make it, but right in front of the stop I was to be dropped off, there were three bumps, and there were where most accidents occurred. I did have some unintentional accidents during the year I stayed at that place, but for the most of time, they were of small scales. I usually wet only my panties or the internal side of my bottom wears if I went commando, and I had never soiled the bus seats. When I got home, I just threw my bag into the couch, rushed onto the toilet and had a sweet, sweet relief. However, things only went exceptional on that particular day.

That was a day when the rain was literally pouring. My clothes were saturated with the rainwater after about ten steps away from the bus stop where I jumped off the bus, and I could see streams of water flowing down on my blouse. I, as usual, was holding a bladder full of waste from the caffeine drinks I had drunk earlier. The freezing wind blowing on my wet skin, the cold and soaked clothes sticking to my body and the throbbing bladder inside altogether made me shake uncontrollably, which had also disturbed the liquid in my bladder. The splash of the rainwater sounding all around me also didn’t help with my situation.

Finally, at one street away from my flat, I couldn’t move my legs anymore, and my will gave up before my bladder did, because firstly, there was no one around in such terrible weather; secondly, I was wearing a pair of black cotton shorts that were already soaked thoroughly, and no one would notice if they became any wetter; thirdly, it was really hurt to hold in, as if my bladder was about to explode. A spurt of wee first rushed out between my thighs, followed by a continuous stream of filthy water. My mind was immersed in the sweetness of relief, and I couldn't feel anything but the warmth expanding in the crotch of my shorts.

I was standing there sobbing with my legs slightly apart and letting my bladder void itself of unwanted contents for almost one minute. The urine flowed along my legs and dripped both into my sneakers and onto the ground below me. I stopped the stream soon as I regained control of my bladder. I checked my lower body immediately, and as I had expected, my shorts didn’t look any different, because they simply couldn’t be any wetter. I then rushed back to home, threw my shorts, panties and socks into the laundry machine and had a nice, warm shower. In the shower, I closed my eyes and completely emptied my bladder standing up.

After all, I hope you enjoy my story, leave comments below and have a good day!

