Schooldays

Author: Guest rjd2014

*000*2018-04-08 23:40

Here's a couple of stories from my schooldays.

Mike was a tall, well built lad who loved sport. He played for the school basketball team and was very confident. He was fairly popular with the girls and was often the class entertainer. However he was very able and always placed in the higher classes. Having seen Mike in the school showers a few times I already knew he was well endowed, especially when compared to the other boys, but was known as a shower and not a grower. He was however, never shy to admit when he needed the toilet.

The first occasion came during year 10. It was the last lesson of the day and we in English class. About halfway through the 90-minute lesson Mike asked out loud "Miss can I go toilet please?" To which she replied "I cannot let you go". He let out a very loud sigh and complained that he was really desperate and that "my bladder is full". The teacher just carried on with the lesson.

A couple of the girls sitting close by began to tease him, asking if he wanted to go in the corner of the room or in their pencil case. Mike said he had too much piss to fit in their small pencil case.

One of the girls who was sitting next to him then began to tease him by ticketing his abs, then his bladder. Mike began getting jumpy and I actually heard him say "I'm getting a boner. Whilst trying to hold my piss".

Five minutes later another lad called, James, who was sitting right at the front of the room then asked Miss if he could go to the toilet as he was absolutely bursting. Somewhat surprisingly, and surely to Mike's frustration she said yes! But she told him to be very quick.

Mike was not impressed and immediately protested that he "was bursting to piss and he had asked first". The teacher, probably realising that she could not let one and not the other, then said Mike could go but only when James returns. Mike then sat there grabbing himself, much to the amusement of the group of girls around him. Once James returned he shot up to the door and glanced at the teacher for permission to relieve his bursting bladder.

Mike returned about three minutes later - he must have pissed a lot given the toilets were next to the classroom - and said on walking back through the door, to the whole class, "I've just pissed a gallon". Miss told him not to use the word 'piss' again in the classroom or she wouldn't let him go ever again.

Another time was a maths lesson, also at the end of the day. Mike had clearly been spending too much of his lunch break hanging out with his mates as he walked up to the teacher’s desk about 10 minutes into the lesson and asked if he could go to the toilet. He was told a simple but authoritative "no". Mike protested and said "but there's over an hour til the end". The teacher just told him to return to his seat. As he walked past my table to return to his seat he grabbed his large soft cock through his trousers. A couple of the lads in the class laughed at him. I felt a little bad for him as the toilets were quite literally next to the classroom and he really wouldn't have been gone long, but was also rock hard and disappointed that I was sat two rows ahead of him so I couldn't see his suffering.

About 15 minutes later, whilst the teacher was writing some calculations on the board and explaining to us how to solve them, Mike said, rather loudly "please can I go and wee. My stomach is actually hurting holding it in". The teacher replied, somewhat irritated at the outburst "you can go at the end" - still over an hour away. Mike protested "why not". But the teacher said "I said no" and moved on.

More time passed and with still over half an hour to go til the end of the lesson. Mike, who must have been really desperate by this point, decided to try his luck and ask one more time, this time threatening to go in the corner of the room. The teacher, who by this point was probably irritated at being asked the same thing said "yes. Go now and hurry up". Mike dashed out of his seat and said "thank you sir" before returning from what was a very long piss with a small grin on his face.

At the end of the lesson Mike was kept behind for interrupting the lesson. I listened from outside and Mike said to the teacher "but I needed a wee really badly sir". To which the teacher said "that doesn’t matter, don't interrupt my lesson like that again". Mike just said "ok sorry sir". I then hurried off, away from the door before anyone came out.

