A Friend's Pissed Pants (Gone Very Wrong)

Author: Graphical

*000*2017-07-08 10:58

Before I begin, please note that I am not the best typer. There may be grammer issues and typos, and even spelling mistakes. Thank you for understanding.

In one of my old posts, I said that i had a friend named "Jake" (His real name is not Jake) so had gone to my house after pissing himself. This is the story, in his point of view, as when this was happening I was somewhere else. This is his story.

So, I (Jake) was 13 at the time, about to be 14 in a couple months. I usally ran every other day and on the weekends, and since I was Millitary, and had an I.D card, I would go off base and go to aaron's house. (aaron is me, but that's not my real name). What happend next, i really regret. It was about 11:30, and it was really hot. I got to a gas station off base, and bought one of those 1.5L Evian bottles, and I had chugged it all while running within 5 Minutes. I was about 4 and a Half Miles away from aaron's house. I thought "well, no deal, i'll make it. heh, no biggie). Well, I was wrong. I'm about a mile away, and I really cant run.

I could tell my bladder was full, and i walked as fast as i could. Half a mile, and im about to lose it. I'm jumping up and down, dancing and stuff. Luckily, not many people lived in the area at the time. about 1/3 of a mile until jakes house, and I give up. I start pissing.. I just had to go so bad. after a minute, I finished, and went to aaron's house. MY GOD WAS I GLAD HE WAS HOME. I came inside, and he saw me soaked. He Offered to dry my clothes, but he just said "um, do it yourself, I'm not really your mother. Anyways, i have to take a shit, i'll be back". Then I put them in the dryer.

___

This is where his story ends and mine finishes this. The reason I put "GONE WRONG" in the title is because of what happend when I entered my room. When I had entered my room, he was in there, naked. not even a towel or anything. He shriked for a moment and i ran out. and yes, I did see his Dick, and not even on purpose. He had to get over it as I was washed my bed sheets and pillow (I have very bad allergies, so i wash them once a week). And that's how it went wrong.

Hopefully you guys enjoyed. If you have any questions, I cant really answer them, and I am not "Daniel". Sorry :C

