I got totally desperate during a test (twice!)

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2022-01-08 15:54

This happened in my senior year of high school. I was 18 and about a month away from graduation.

I had a habit of peeing before I left home, and then not going again until the lunch break. Unfortunately (or not?), I also had a long bus ride and drank coffee every morning, so I'd usually have to go pretty bad by the time the break finally happened.

My first couple classes that day were fine. I was feeling an urge to pee by the end of the second one, but nothing more than normal. Then I had history. It was the last class before the break, we had a big test, and we weren't allowed to leave until we finished it. I remember getting to the classroom and thinking I didn't need to go that badly, maybe a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10. Turns out I'd misjudged how much concentrating on a test would affect my desperation.

The teacher handed us all packets of paper and told us to begin. After only a few questions, I was already getting distracted by my bladder. What started as a manageable urge was quickly growing into a definite need. I shifted around a little and squeezed my thighs together, trying to stay focused on the questions.

I continued on through the test, struggling to mentally balance both the test-taking and the pee holding at once. By the time I was halfway done, I was bouncing my leg and squirming in my seat. My desk was in the front row on the right side, only a few feet from the teacher's desk, and I'm sure he could see my desperation. So could anybody else in the room who bothered to pay attention, and my fidgeting was definitely causing a few glances.

Minutes ticked by, and the closer I got to finishing the test, the harder I had to try to keep it in. My legs bounced rapidly and I rocked my hips back and forth, pressing my pussy against the hard plastic chair. I didn't care who saw me at this point; I was just trying not to wet my pants in class. I had to go so badly, it was a full-on emergency. The bell rang then, and I hurriedly finished scribbling down something for the final essay questions. I tossed my things in my bag, wincing at the pressure in my bladder as I stood up, and practically threw my test onto the teacher's desk as I walked quickly out of the room.

The hallway was super busy, and I had to push my way through a maze of people. It was so hard to not shove my hand between my legs. I was about to lose it. The bathroom was close, but there were still so many people in the way, and the crowd wasn't moving fast enough. My desperation surged, and I felt a small jet of pee spurt into my panties. I braced myself for the flood, blushing and squeezing my muscles tight, but I miraculously managed to hang on and reach the bathroom.

A few more drops leaked out as I opened the door, then a few more. By the time I'd rushed into the stall, a slow stream of pee trickled constantly from my pussy. I almost couldn't yank my jeans down fast enough, but I made it, just barely. I peed for what felt like forever. When I examined my clothes, there was a large wet spot on my panties, covering the center of the crotch. My pants were also slightly damp, but not enough to draw any attention. I dried my panties as much as possible and continued with the day.

• • • •

I also got really desperate and almost peed myself during another test! I'd missed class the day it was given, so I was taking a make-up exam after school a couple days later. It was just me in the middle of a small classroom, with the teacher at the front. I don't remember the subject, but the teacher was a middle aged guy, I didn't know him very well.

I already had to pee pretty bad when I got there. I'm not sure why I didn't go before the test, when my last class got out; maybe I thought it would be quick and I could hang on a little longer. I did my best to focus and answer the questions, but just like the other time, trying to take the test made my desperation worse. Pretty soon I was bouncing and wiggling around at my desk, very aware of my full bladder.

Eventually I was completely bursting. I knew I was about to wet my pants, so I had to sheepishly get up and ask if I could go to the bathroom, visibly squirming as I stood there. The teacher let me go, and I walked down the hall as fast as I could without attracting attention from any people still lingering around. As soon as I got into the bathroom, I grabbed myself tight and starting crossing my legs and bouncing on the spot. Luckily nobody else was there.

I managed to make it and get my pants and panties down in time, but it was a very close call. Going back and finishing the test was a little embarrassing too, since I knew the teacher had seen how bad I had to pee

