First Post And Piss story

Author: Graphical

*000*2017-07-05 13:43

This is my first post. (yay) Anyways, today i will be sharing the time i pissed myself. Also i'm not the best typer, so please bare.

I was 13 at the time, and i liked running for a workout, becuase i needed to be fit to join a Millitary Soccer Team. Anyways, i drank 2 water bottles and some tea, the tea being an hour before I had the water. I was doing my usual run, and about 30 minutes in, about 2 miles from my house, i could start to feel my bladder fill up. I decided to myself "It can't be that bad. I should be able to hold it untill i finish my run". Big Mistake.

Anyways, about 5 minutes later i start feeling the first wave. I was like "Fuck, i have to piss". Where. I had lived, there were few trees. It wasnt very big and stuff, and not many people lived near as i hsd lived near a millitary base, and they usally clear out the area, and if i did piss onto the grass, its a good chance someone would see, and see my dick aswell. I started to realize that i may not be able to finish the entire run, but i guess i thought my bladder would hold more. 20 minutes later, i am 5 miles from my house, and 1 and a half miles from a gas station. I was about to give up and go on the grass, but i started seeing cars and i had told myself "I could go in the Grass, and piss, but there is cars and i dont want them seeing my Dick. If i try running I should make it back".

I really wasn't thirsty, as the drinks I had. I got about 20 minutes back home and i started to Dribble. I started grabbing my dick tight every few seconds, which helped a little, but i was still probably atleast 4 miles away, and my bladder was not helping. About 15 minutes later, i hsd to grab onto my dick otherwise I wouldnt make it. Damn, i felt a little embarrased; a 13 year old kid on the verge of pissing himself. I got to my 2 mile mark, and i vividly remember omce i got there, I gave into my bladder. I tried to stop after a moment, becuase i thought "maybe if i piss for just a moment, id be able to wait", but that didnt happen. I started pissing like it was a firehose, atleast for a solid minute. I ran home as fast as I could, and luckily no one was home.

That's all everyone! I have more stories if people actually want to read them.

*002*2017-07-06 00:13

At first, when the inital moment happend, yes i was suprised. But then i startes to realize how much I drank before the run, as i usally wait a couple of days before i took out my trash in my room. And Yes, I did habe a full Bladder many other times, and yes i did wet myself during other times. I only remember my bladder being full once during soccer, as suring soccer we lived pretty close to where all the games where. the water bottles were actually 750ml, so thats 1500ml of water, as well as Tea, which my cup holds 450ml of.

*004*2017-07-07 14:01

{{19 hours ago, trackboy said:

Yes at 13 that would be a lot to hold in and can see how that would force its way out even when running. what was it like playing soccer on full bladder? going to post about the other times you was full. and also post about the times you wet yourself? did you usually drink a lot of water when you was in your teens?? Have you done other sports having drank a lot??? My bladder was usually really full in football wrestling and track for school. and in summer sports for fun like basketball and boxing. It was also really full in fist fights after school. Did you usually drink a lot of water before running? how did you like the feeling of running with bladder filling up??

}}

Alright. New Story has been posted, will be waiting for moderator to approve

