Deaperate and Horny

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-04-28 12:38

So, I'm currently laying in bed with a full to the brim bladder and an incredibly horny flower. I'm laying on my stomach so the ball of urine inside me is being pressed in further, deeper. It feels so good, oouuh... God, my whole body is on fire. I want to reach down and rub myself, letting the need to pee fully fuel my pleasure. My legs are spread out wide, my body wriggling and writhing under the covers. No leaks yet, but there might be some soon. My poor little pussy burns. 😥

What should I do? Indulge in my naughty wants or wait? 😏

*003*2019-04-28 12:57

Ok, I'm just barely rubbing between my lips. I want more, but you told me to hold back, so I have too...

Please!? My bladder feels even fuller now and this would be a perfect opportunity! I'm squirming like crazy, imagining someone laying next to me, telling me that I have to hold it in. When I press my hips into the mattress, my bladder gets pushed in even deeper and it feels amazing. Oh god I need a piss. 😰

*005*2019-04-28 13:16

Oouuhh........ My bladder is throbbing. It hurts, but the pain is so intense it feels good. I'm sliding my finger up and down, make sure to brush over my pee hole. Its muscles are straining, but I can't let it out. I have to hold it in like a good little girl.

Oh my god, I'm desperate. I can't stop moving, so I've resorted to holding myself. The feeling of warmth about to squirt out? A favorite of mine. 😌

Can I release my pleasure? Will you guys let me? Pweeeease?

*008*2019-04-28 13:26

{{Just now, waterrat said:

Not right now, you are still in control.

If you like you can play with yourself, but you must not come!

}}

But I want toooooo.... 😭

My bladder is pounding inside me and I almost squirted. More rubbing, more playing, but I can't come? F-fine. I-'ll hold it in... Ooh... Ooouuuuuhhhhh......

*010*2019-04-28 13:30

{{4 minutes ago, joemamma said:

No i think you should stand up out of bed now tho

}}

I did it. I have my legs scissoring together and dipping up and down. My hand is pressed into my womanhood, a few drops just barely escaped. I can't stand up straight, oh god, it's so much worse standing!!!! I leaked a little, my panties are wet. I don't have on anything else on the bottom, so they'll get soaked really fast.

*013*2019-04-28 13:33

*whimpers* O-ok....

I'm pinching my lips together and pressing into my pee hole. No more leaks. I-I'll keep holding.

*016*2019-04-28 13:36

My butt's wriggling in the air, I'm moaning with desire. I'm rubbing my legs, but trying to keep my hands still on my crotch. The pressure enough is making me crazy...

*019*2019-04-28 13:40

Can I let a little pee pee out? I wnat to feel the warmth run down my leg and the sear of protest when I have to close my pee hole again.

*021*2019-04-28 13:42

{{1 minute ago, joemamma said:

Do you have a shot glass?

}}

Y-Yes.

