First Wetting in Front of My Girlfriend

Author: Gregg

*000*2019-08-27 00:19

So, the last time I posted here was a a few months ago when I wrote about wetting my pants for the first time in years after letting my girlfriend know about my fetish.

$/50542-first-wetting-in-ages

My girlfriend wasn't home for that one, but I kept her in the loop about what I was doing and didn't hide anything from her.

At the time, I was disappointed by her seeming total lack of interest in what I was doing.

Since that time, I've opened up more to her about my interest and had several discussions with her about it, trying to find out what she thinks, and how much she would be willing to try with me.

Although she isn't turned off or disgusted by it in any way, she really doesn't see the appeal either.

Lately, we've started experimenting with some light domination play in the bedroom (with me as the sub) and she seems to really get off on that, so I thought I would try to approach things from that angle to spark an interest in her.

The original plan was, we were going to go for an evening walk to a nearby park on Sunday night. I was going to get desperate beforehand, so that I already had to go by the time we left the house, then I would leave it up to her to decide when, where, and how I should pee, as long as I did it before we got back home.

That plan got a little derailed when our dog broke one of her toenails Sunday afternoon, so we decided it would be best to stay home and keep an eye on her (we were originally going to take her on the walk with us).

I still got desperate as planned, and then at a pre-determined time (when we originally would have left for the walk) I told my girlfriend that my fate was now in her hands.

My desperation level was probably around a 7 at this point, and I knew from past experience that I had about an hour before I would be genuinely leaking. I was hoping to be allowed to relieve myself before I reached that point though.

I was actually worried my girlfriend was going to be more sadistic than I could handle, but in fact, it was the total opposite.

Like I mentioned earlier, she really doesn't see the appeal of this. She's told me repeatedly that to her, desperation = discomfort, and she doesn't see how anyone could get pleasure from it. She said I looked so uncomfortable with all the squirming and grabbing I was doing, that when I asked her to tell me what to do, the first thing she said was, "Just go to the bathroom!"

I tried to explain to her that my desperation in this situation was no different from when she would "torture" me in the bedroom, but I'm still not sure she sees the connection.

Anyway, after telling me to just go to the bathroom multiple times (out of genuine concern for my discomfort), I confessed to her that I really wanted to wet my pants with her watching.

She agreed, and I asked her if there were any particular types of clothes she would like to see me wet in. She had no preference, so I chose a pair of light jeans and grey underwear that would both really show the wetness. The jeans had just come out of the dryer, so they were a little extra-snug, and really put a lot of extra pressure on my bladder.

After that, I followed her around the house for a few minutes more and helped with some household chores before we finally went to the kitchen and I got some towels ready.

She poured herself a drink at the table while I knelt on the towels in front of her, fidgeting and grabbing myself, while we had a conversation about my interest in desperation and wetting, and what aspects specifically appeal to me.

Finally, we decided it was time, so I stood up and got ready to let go. I was worried I would have performance anxiety, but it only took 1-2 seconds before my flow started, so I must have been pretty desperate.

I remember hearing her gasp when the first wet spot appeared, but after that, I was too lost in the experience to see or remember what her reactions were.

I decided that if I was going to let her see this side of me, I wasn't going to hold anything back.

I rubbed the front of my jeans and squeezed myself as the pee ran down my legs. I put my hand down my pants and cupped myself so that the pee filled my hand and ran through my fingers. After my left leg was soaked, I moved myself to the other side and let it run down the other leg to get as much coverage as possible. I'm sure I was probably panting the whole time.

I unzipped my pants to expose my wet boxers, and gently squeezed myself so the pee streaming through the fabric was even more visible.

At one point, I was about to pull my boxers away from my body so my stream would be visible as it came out of me, but a little droplet of pee splattered on the floor between me and my girlfriend, and she reacted negatively to that, so I apologized and kept my underwear on until I was done.

Once my stream finally came to a stop, I pulled my underwear down and started stroking myself. She commented that I seemed really turned on, and I reminded her that I had told her in advance that I would be.

I suddenly started getting some negative Weinstein vibes in my head at this point, so I said to her, "If anything I'm doing is making you uncomfortable, just say so and I'll stop," but she didn't indicate that was the case, so I kept going.

After a few seconds, the pee on my skin was starting to dry up, and stroking become uncomfortable, so I decided I was done and started to take off my wet clothes and clean up.

After I cleaned everything up, she went to watch TV while I went to "take care of myself" in the other room, before going upstairs to shower.

After I came back downstairs, I thanked her for letting me be myself with her, and told her how much I appreciated it.

I hope I can get her more interested in participating in the future, but even if all she does is accept this part of me, that's enough for me.

