The longest wetting I've ever done!

Author: Goddess Lissa

*000*2024-09-11 11:09

So I decided I wanted to really test my limits and see how long I could hold to celebrate my birthday month!

I ended up drinking 3 waters, and holding for 3-4 hours. I pee hourly about.

Feeling my bladder filling up and the urge getting stronger I changed into my jeans and held for a little while more. Listening to music and singing/rapping along was a great distraction to help me hold longer.

After about 30 minutes I couldn't take it anymore. Setting my Tripod up while dancing around wondering if I would start peeing early. I was able to hold it long enough to film! And get these amazing pictures. The warmth flowing for so long soaking up so much in my jeans was such a good feeling.

I peed for 48-50 seconds and acknowledge when I'm done in the video even cuz it's so long! Video will be up later for sale. But here's some pics to enjoy! And I hope you liked my telling of it!

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*003*2024-09-11 14:15

{{2 hours ago, wetgarth said:

In my opinion there is nothing nicer than watching (and enjoying) a massive long flood in your pants.

Thanks for sharing, the pictures looked great and you clearly enjoyed it.

}}

I'm excited to share the video on here. It's already up on other places. It will be up tonight here under @WesternWets

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

When you were in the bathtub, were you potty Dancing before you let go or the moment you got in the bathtub, You just let go.

}}

I was potty dancing outside of the shower. Trying to set up the Tripod in a decent place and being in the bathroom made the urge intense and I had to move

*006*2024-09-11 18:03

{{5 minutes ago, wettingman said:

Setting up a camera , while desperately trying not to pee is a real challenge. I have waited until I was about to wet my pants to set up. It was difficult to focus on setting up the camera and lighting, with pee pressing against my pee hole trying to come out. I have had to stop my setup to hold myself and pee dance, making the task take more time I don't have. I was frantically working on my camera just seconds away from peeing in my pants. I did not always complete set up dry. While this can be accelerating , my experience has taught me to make sure everything is set to record before the last second. Nice pix though.

}}

I usually do set up ahead of time. I was just vibing and also needed my tripod and phone at that time while i held. Multi task day haha. I've learned as well from experience to try and set up ahead of time. But made it for the video 💦

Glad you liked the pics!

*007*2024-09-12 19:11

{{On 9/11/2024 at 11:48 AM, fredfredburger24 said:

Panties or no?

}}

No panties this time

