VR wetting

Author: Gamerman

*000*2021-08-21 18:34

So as many of you know I love to hold and pee while gaming. Its always a nice challenge and new aspect of the game. So here is another gaming wetting story i have that happen a couple weeks ago or so and was kind of unplanned.

It was a saturday night and i had nothing to do, no plans, no where to be, so I opened up a delicious redbull and got into some pajamas (semi pajamas, joggers and a white undershirt) I down my redbull planning to stay up all night and game. I grab a water to make sure im not dehydrated and not have that sugary after taste linger in my mouth. I boot up my oculus quest and go to walking dead saints and sinners. I felt like killing some zombies and exploring, so i load up and wake up in your home base bus. I haven’t played this game in a few months so i had to try and remember some of the controls and where i was as far as the story goes.

I continue to sip on my water because i am a bit thirsty and go back to playing. I am roaming around a part of the map that has houses everywhere to gather some food and resources when about this point i can feel a need to pee. It wasnt bad, just a normal feeling that i have to pee, about a 4/10. So i continue to roam and gather some food when i see one of the houses i went into earlier in the story. I walk in and already welcomed to a couple zombies in the entry way. I pull out my makeshift knife and stab one in the head, pull it out and stab the next one in the head right before it attacks me. Right after that last stab my knife breaks and i can hear zombies upstairs. I reach behind me and pull out my backpack when i feel my need to pee continue to climb shockingly rapidly. At this point im at a 6/10 and starting to feel the pressure in my bladder. The redbull hit me hard and i had finished my bottled water so that will be soon to follow.

I grab another shank i made and make my way upstairs killing a zombie at the too and going into a bedroom. Im scavenging and starting to do a slight pee pee dance as my need increases while looking for materials. Then i see a drawer at the bottom of the dresser i have yet to open. I try to bend over and open it but cant reach it, and my bladder is filling more and more. I crouch down and reach out to open the drawer when a huge pressure is applied to my bladder shooting it up to an 8/10.

I open the drawer, grab the stupid box of razors and stand up holding my crotch right away. All of that for a lame box of razors that i recycle for metal. So i make my way to the other rooms killing the zombies and going through drawers holding myself and doing the pee dance every minute trying to hold it. I go back down stairs and walk into the kitchen because i have to eat to restore my max health which has gone down a bit from being bit a few times. The one problem with all of this scavenging is i need both hands to go through drawers and kill zombies and even walk since i have to move the analog stick on my joystick to move. So im going through the drawers taking my hands off my

Crotch pressing my legs together and bending down slightly trying to hold it. Im grabbing and inspecting anything i need but can barley concentrate at this point. I look up and of course i hear a zombie walking this way, i look around my waist for a weapon but realize my knife had broken not long ago and i dont have any more weapons in my backpack besides a gun, and i cant use that unless i want more zombies to come and ammo is scarce. I am behind a long island in the middle of the kitchen and standing there holding myself hard i have to quickly crouch down so im not seen. The pressure on my bladder is crazy and so full. As im holding myself i then feel it. I feel a small spurt of warm pee escape into my briefs and onto my hand. Im still crouched waiting for the zombie to go by when i feel another spurt leak out and eventually a slow stream starts to come out.

I quickly stand up and run out of the house and hide in some alley way. I hear my watch alarm go off which means the sun will be setting soon. And thats when a horde of zombies come. I inspect my joggers really quick and see a wet patch the size of my palm on the front. I put my vr headset back on and start making my way back to my boat to go to home base. Im walking through the streets trying to to make noise desperate to pee, hiding behind cars to avoid conflict with the zombies. The sun is setting and i need to get to my boat quick. I start walking in the alleyway to take a short cut when i feel another spurt come out and run down my leg. I cant hold myself at this time so i am constantly pressing my legs together and doing the pee pee dance.

At this point every time i bend over slightly (because of the pee dance) leaks of pee will spurt out into my briefs making the wet spot bigger and bigger. I know i cant hold it any longer and really cant move much. So i get to a safe spot where there are no zombies, reach down and hold my crotch and i start to feel a slow stream begin and i cant stop. I feel pee slowly start running down my legs, going through my fingers and forming a puddle around my feet. I fully just let go relaxing completely and start soaking my joggers.

Pee is rushing out and making a huge spot on the front of my crotch. I let go of my crotch and stand there legs open letting it all come out. Peeing myself and looking around in my game for zombies. After about a minute and a half off straight peeing, i get my controller back in my hand and finally find my boat to home base. I get there and save my game so i can remove my headset and look at the damage. I take off my oculus and look down to see a massive and i mean massive puddle that was no lie about 6 feet in length in front of me and a couple feet wide. I peed A LOT. I grabbed 3 towels and cleaned everything up. Washing off and putting my clothes in a bag and into the hamper. I spend the rest of the night gaming on my pc a bit thinking about the next time i will do that again!

*002*2021-08-21 21:17

{{4 minutes ago, Chris James said:

I'm not sure that black type on a black background is ideal for reading.

}}

How do you change it. It wasn’t going to white for me

*007*2021-08-24 01:51

{{2 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Good story but it's hard to read. Change it to white or if you don't know how to edit it ask a mod, they will gladly change it to white for you!!

}}

Ya thats what im to figure out haha

*010*2021-08-27 19:45

Finally fixed the font color.

