Puplic WOW

Author: Guest SuveruWoolf

*000*2015-12-12 12:48

I was in relationship with a really evil badass girl... she loved things they arn´t so really good - more like naughty stuff and kidding things...

#

Its a really great day and sun shines really bright. I wake up and call my GF to go outside, hav breakfast and walk a while <3

Her idea: goin on the mountain nearby to have sport AND breakfast at once <3 the restaurante on the mountain is really great!

So after toilet and morning rituals I pick her up and we both drivng to this restaurante. - we eat a lot and love the smell, flavour and food <3

So she tells me, she wanna walk a little and we startin walk out in nature. After a while she tells she have to go really bad - her bladder is exploding.

The next toilet was more as half an hour away... everywhere walkin peoples and only way to let her pressure out was a small tiny forest in the middle on top the mountain - we are at the mountaintop so... she can not take it any longer and pushes me inside the small woods.

Over and over again outside there still walkin tourists and couldn´t see us inside the woods. the sun was so bright that from shiny side you can´t see anything inside the dark shadow of the trees <3 My GF trambles a little but can´t take it any longer - pull off her pants a little and let me see her panty: its a tiny string she love and next she hold the panty aside and concentrate with closed eyes - I stand there, see around and try to watch peoples they can see anything but NOTHING - we are so alone and unseen <3 I could see the naked crotch of her and how lovely she pushes a little so the first drop comes out. She stopped and smiles at me - I'm so embrassed. She speaks quiet and asks if I would come over and play a little...

OH HELL, I think I was dead and in heaven xD puplic naughty games during day inside a dark forest surrounded by many tourists...

I toutch her skin and feels how warm she is. After a little perv game and many pokes she cpuldn´t hold it back and opens her doors:

Soundless the fluid splashes on earthfloor and two/three drops runnin down her leg... I toutch her while she was still let it go and she loved it so bad that she played at my body... LONG STORY / SHORT conclusion: We both came and wettin the floor and a little our clothes but it was so damn hot *.*

#nosebleed

