Early finish

Author: Guest beth

*000*2016-04-21 16:21

Hi guys, I've been lurking on here for a while but this is my first post. This happened a few months ago but it reminded me of the first accident I had as a "grown up", and I thought you might be interested.

I was in a lecture at about four o clock when I became aware of my bladder filling up (not a lot, it wasn't urgent, just uncomfortable), and realised that I hadn't been since my morning pee, and that since I'd had two bottles of water and a cup of coffee. Walking out of the lecture I headed towards the toilets, but my friend shouted me to tell me I was going the wrong way, and our next lecture was in another building. I went along with her to our next lecture and resolved to just wait until the end of the day, as this was our last one. I went into the lecture theatre and sat down, legs firmly crossed to stop any little accidents. The lecturer abruptly stopped with 20 minutes still to go, and dismissed us as he'd covered all the material for the week. I realised if I left now I could get the earlier train home, and avoid standing around in the cold for an hour.

I stood up quickly to get going to the train station and realised just how urgent my need had become in the last hour as I leaked a tiny bit. I regained control and decided I could hold it until I got to the train station.

As I walked quickly down the road to the station I was all too aware of a day's worth of pee sloshing around inside me, having to stop a couple of times to prevent another leak. Evenually I made it to the station and through the ticket barrier, seeing my train pull in I ran up the stairs to get to the platform, straight past the ladies' leaking with every step. No sooner had I stepped on the train than the doors closed, and as the train pulled out of the station I suddenly remembered that this train doesn't have toilets. My bladder screamed at me as I stood by the doors, legs crossed, dancing around, trying my hardest not to flood my knickers.

After what seemed like hours, several almost accidents, and a lot of funny looks from commuters, the train arrived at my stop. I half ran off the train and out into the street, and stopped on the pavement, knowing I had no way of making it all the way home before I peed.

I started to walk towards home, determined not to hold myself among all the commuters, only when the crowds thinned out did I hold myself, feeling my exhausted muscles twitching through my (slightly damp) dress.

I was so close to giving up and just filling my knickers when I realised where I was. I was near a field with some big crop in it. I looked around (but clearly not well enough) to make sure nobody saw me, and ran into the field, dancing and leaking. I pulled my tights and knickers down and squatted, when I heard voices coming from a footpath. I tried to hold it in until they'd gone but it was too late and I was going full force. I pulled up my tights, hoping it would stop the flow so I could walk away, but it was no use. I held my dress out a little to try and keep it dry and smiled at the walkers as I gushed hot pee into my knickers, pooling around my bum and pouring down my legs. Hopefully they didn't realise what I was doing, but the relief on my face must have been a dead giveaway!

