Coffee, but my way

Author: Guest

*000*2022-11-12 23:21

This story contains blowjobs, nudity, desperation, and water sports.

Have you ever woken up in the middle of the night, and you drink an incredible amount of water because you feel so dehydrated? My wife did that last night. I know because she had two bottles of water on her nightstand when we went to bed, and when I woke up, they were both empty. I woke up this morning and saw my wife furiously potty dancing in front of the toilet. I didn’t announce myself at first, I just took in the sights. It’s not super often you get to see a sexy, curvy lady wearing nothing but a bra and panties wriggle her hips and shove her hands in her crotch. Well, unless you’re me. She then undid her bra and started massaging her breasts, rubbing her pussy and moaning a bit. To say that I was turned on would be an understatement. She kept doing this until she turned around and saw me. She was a bit startled and jumped back when she saw me, then immediately bent back over and shoved both her hands in her crotch. Her face went red, and she struggled to formulate a sentence.

“Oh! Uh, it’s not what it looks like, I was, uh, you, uh.” It was really cute watching her fumble with her words.

“No need to explain, you’re just having some solo fun.”

Her embarrassed smile came out and she said “…yeah. Well, now that you’re here, care to join?”

“You know I’ll never say no.”

“Pee on me, all over my face and tits.” She went down on both knees, hands still in her crotch.

“Well, I have a boner right now, it’s kind of hard to pee with a boner.”

“So?”

”Soooooo”

”Ah, I know what you’re trying to say. She pulled down my boxers and have me a blowjob. A few minutes into it, I was getting ready to cum. She knew it. She’s given me head so many times she can tell when I’m getting close without me telling her.

“Please cum, I’m about to burst!”

Indeed she was, I could see a small puddle forming as pee started spurting out of her. I grabbed her head and shoved my cock as far down as I could get it. She gagged but stayed there, and a few seconds later I came, really hard I might add. She lost control and started peeing at the same time. We both had to take a breather from how intense that was. She stood up and took off her panties.

After I finally caught my breath, I apologized for basically choking her with my cock. She insisted she loved it, so all was well.

“Are you ready now?” She asked.

”Definitely.” I emptied probably 12+ hours worth of pee all over her face and tits. Then we had to clean up and shower. After we both got dressed she asked me if I wanted coffee, and I responded “No, I’m already all…woken up.” She blushed and made her coffee.

