Omo Great Wave - bedwetting for real

Author: Guest DarthBane93

*000*2019-12-12 10:45

What's life if you can't laugh at yourself right? SO I've had two legit accidents this week... and like I never ever wet the bed. I need to start dabbing less.... Must be too heavy a sleep!. Just that feeling where you start to feel relief in sleep and then a warm trickle that feels oh so nice. Until you snap your eyes awake because you recognize that warm trickle might just be you wetting yourself. But too late damage done... you feel the warm pool around the butt. The stained sheets. The soaked clothes. The surrealness of the moment. A 26 year old wetting the bed. I've always wanted to but its always been so impossible. Recently I've been trying bedwetting hypnosis from hypno mommy and I've noticed it work in the following days and it didn't work 2 nights ago but perhaps it was the cause of tonight? Or is it coincidence? Gonna try a custom one I ordered and fingers crossed.

And I met a person off tindr and Icebroke by saying I just wet the bed! I asked if that was too weird and a dealbreaker but I was so surprised to find it wasn't. She said if it really did happen I'd just need diapers is all. I like a wet bed but I guess laundry is annoying lol. Any suggestions for adult ones that show wetness indicator?

Also I found if I framed the question to close friends on messenger by opening with omg I just wet the bed for the first time... like 3/10 shared a wetting story. 8/10 gave sympathy and said nbd it happens lol, 2/10 were eww gross. Just feels so weird because I never share for fear of judgment. Hopefully I haven't become that bedwetting guy to my friends.... But I did put a reaction on youtube to see how people felt! Fingers crossed for stories!

%https://www.youtube.com/embed/noYbv7MGGu0?feature=oembed

Even if I have I say a wet bed is the best bed right ladies 😉

Happy to be joining you in the ranks of bedwetting mastery. Any suggestions for incorporating it romantically or doing it even more often? I noticed I tend to wake up right after I finish because I still feel warm and very wet, does that happen to you?

Any public wetting dares?

&&

&&

