A Major Pee Emergency

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2020-02-27 03:18

Last night my wife and I had a wonderful time seeing Tim and Eric live on their 2020 Mandatory Attendance Tour. It's the third time we've seen them live and the first time we saw them since we married.

They performed at the State Theater in Minneapolis. It's quite an amazing and old building, the entire interior is baroque Renaissance. Its incredible, there is fake Corinthian columns and frescoes on the ceiling, the whole architectural design is apart of the experience. (I really like art and history okay?)

On the way there we stopped in a Goodwill about 45 minutes away from the cities. I did find an amazing sweater from the late 80's but the trip was highlighted by my wife's need to pee. I tried to stop in earnest, saying she could pee at the theater, but she just wasn't having it and went to pee in the Goodwill bathroom. She texted me a great picture of her on the toilet with her shirt pulled up a little so I could see some of her squishy stomach, she knows I love that.

As we were checking out, without warning I grabbed a 500ml Lifewater out of the cooler and threw it in with our purchases. "And just what is that water for?" she very slyly asked me in the parking lot. "Well, since you went pee at Goodwill I'm going to have my revenge. You have to drink this entire bottle before we get to the cities."

"Oh really huh? You want me to fill up my bladder with all this wa-wa? Maybe." I responded back firm, "Yeah that's the thing though, you really don't have a choice. You have to drink it all."

She knew what I was trying to do, and decided to play ball. Much to my honest surprise she drank the entire bottle before we get there. Right as we parked she finished it off. "I really shouldn't have done that, I'm going to have to pee so fucking bad now. Just saying." she said with a smile.

She was cramped in her seat (fat woman problems) and already shaking her leg before the show started. It was going to be a long two hours for her. Tim and Eric were fantastic as always but I was certainly a little more infatuated by my wife. At an hour into the show she was in pure agony. I could see her squirming in her seat, even in the dark, and her legs were crossed and slightly bouncing. I leaned over in a whisper "How bad is it?". She whispered back, "I can't hold it. I have to go the bathroom so bad right now. Please let me get up or I'm going to pee right now."

But I pretended not to hear her over all the noises on stage. She absolutely couldn't sit still just five minutes later. With both hands buried in her crotch she whispered "I can't do it, I'm sorry!" She then proceeded to get up and shimmy down the isle and dissapeared into the back.

"It was so bad!" she told me in the car. "My bladder hurt so bad and I had to run up a bunch of stairs to get the ladies room. Dude, I pissed for like 2 minuets straight! Like, my pee was basically coming out before I even sat down!" It was a very good night, an excellent live show and some serious pee desperation from my amazing wife.

It was such a great experience I made a drawing to remember it.

$$

