The future is now

Author: Guest

*000*2023-09-09 21:10

Just after my lunch break a few days ago, I got a notification on my phone that someone was at my front door. I knew it was my wife because it was around the time that she gets back from the gym. I don’t usually check the camera because of this, but for some reason, I got the random urge to look at the live footage, and I’m so glad I did.

My wife was fumbling with the keys and looked very worried. She then bent over while squeezing her thighs together and shoving a hand in her crotch, and then tried to unlock the door again. When her hand went to her crotch, I noticed that her belt and button was undone. She cursed in spanish, and it took her a solid minute to unlock the door. When she finally did, she sprinted inside, completely forgetting her purse and gym bag, which she dropped on the steps leading up to the door. I assumed that she had dropped them and left them because she was so desperate that she had no time to waste. When I looked back at the few seconds of footage that I missed, my theory was proven correct.

When I came home, I acted like nothing happened, but throughout the afternoon and evening, it was all I could think about. She didn’t mention anything either. I looked in the hamper and saw no trace of wetness, but I also didn’t see the jeans that she wore, meaning that she disposed of the evidence, or tried to at least. When it was time to sleep and we were both cuddled up in bed, I leaned over to give her my goodnight kiss, but instead of saying goodnight, I said, “I know about your little…incident coming home from the gym.” Her eyes went wide, and she immediately blushed, trying to hide her smile and red cheeks, but failing miserably.

“Wha..I-, uh… you saw that?!”

”Yeah, every juice detail. I saw you squirming, dancing around, cursing, it was so sexy.” The more details I revealed, the more she blushed. The fact that I saved the footage to my phone certainly. She was completely speechless, and it took her a second to finally regain her ability to speak.

“How did you know?”

”The doorbell camera, obviously.”

She had the “OOOOHHHHH” look on her face before jokingly saying, “I’m gonna fucking smash that thing to pieces!” To which I laughed.

I couldn’t hide my erection anymore. Since we were cuddled up and I was the big spoon, she could feel my dick pressing up against her ass. Before we, uh, dealt with that, I asked her a question.

“Did you make it? Be honest.”

”…almost.”

As if I wasn’t already hard enough.

