Romeo and Juliet Desperation

Author: Guest dancingbabe

*000*2023-04-25 04:39

In our college’s production of Romeo and Juliet, our Juliet is pretty drop dead gorgeous. She’s around 5’6”, slim, wavy red hair, and soft brown eyes. This happened earlier today and I’m still reeling over it.

So we’ve been going in rehearsal for hours now, and I as Lady Capulet am onstage with our Juliet. We’re in the middle of tech week so it’s not a lot of acting. More start and stop. In a moment in between figuring out lighting cues I look over at Juliet in her light gray sweatpants and notice her legs pressed together, biting her lip and looking nervous. I pretty much knew what was going on, but still asked her why she looked tense.

“Oh my God I have to pee so bad” was the reply that made my little omo heart skip a beat. Now normally this wouldn’t be terrible, lots of actors have the ability to pop into the bathroom between scenes. However, this is a stretch of the show where Juliet is in almost every scene with only short periods in between. If she were to miss her cue, she’d never hear the end of it from our director who is already in bad terms with her. It’s a five act show, and we’re only in act three scene four. I tried to not show my excitement and told her I was sure she could do it.

I wasn’t really too confident in Juliet’s holding ability. A guy she had dated in the cast had told me about the time last summer she nearly peed herself on a road trip from one large soda. I know she has a small bladder, and our Juliet now had an iced coffee and at least one bottle of water rushing to her bladder.

Needless to say, I kept a close eye on Juliet throughout our tech run which proceeded to go on another hour. Juliet valiantly tried to hold it in, but she kept messing up lines everywhere which caused her to have to go back and repeat herself. I saw her trying with all her might to hold it in and not squirm in the final scene when she was supposed to be dead.

Finally, we end. We were supposed to go to the house(audience) for notes, but I saw Juliet take off and I decided to follow her to see how this played out. She’s grabbing onto herself now, holding for dear life as she goes as fact as she can to the womens dressing room to pee. She looked triumphant as she reached for the door when, miracle of all miracles, it was locked.

Me, who had already been incredibly turned on watching Juliet’s poorly-hidden pee dance all rehearsal, thanked the omo gods for the sight in front of me.

”Maybe the mens is unlocked” I told her, not wanting to be suspiciously unhelpful. Juliet looked close to tears as she shifted from foot to foot with her hands in her crotch. She was totally bent over, and it looked like she was totally close to tears as she tried to hold it.

“I’m not going to make it” she said, panicked. Still, she tried taking one step. “I can’t hold it”

”No no no no no” was all I heard followed by small whimpers from Juliet. I looked at her sweatpants and the dark wet spot that was spreading across the gray fabric. A beautiful woman was actually wetting herself in front of me. My clit ached to be touched as watching her pee turned me on more.

Juliet turned slightly away from me to try and hide herself, but the shockingly large wet patch was visible from every angle. To not be a terrible friend, I grabbed the keys to the dressing room from a stage manager and gave her a change of my own clothes. Jesus, watching her peel off her wet pants was incredible. I got yelled at for missing notes, but it was totally worth it.

