I didn't just see what I think I did, did I?

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2019-08-02 00:20

I was working at a convenience store yesterday, selling lottery tickets and minding my business. It was pretty slow.

A woman came in. She was probably about 30, blonde hair in a messy bun, tall, thin, and had large buck teeth and spoke with a slight lisp. She wore a red tank top and medium colored jeans.

I didn't pay her a lot of notice when she came in, just gave her a quick hello and went back to what I was doing. She came to my counter with a bottle of Jack, ready to check out. She said "Hi pretty girl! Oh, wow. I'm a little tipsy. I forgot something!" And jogged toward the fountain to get a soda.

I looked up just in time to get a glance at her backside as she walked away. I was like "Wait, is that...? Could that be? Nah... Oh, I think it is." She had a large dark spot on the back of her jeans, spanning in a perfect oval shape from her butt to a few inches down her thighs. I couldn't believe what I was looking at, and I was in even more disbelief that no one else appeared to notice. I mentally went through all the possibilities. Maybe she sat in something wet? It's really hot... Maybe she's just really sweaty? Nah, it's way too perfect to be either of those. She had definitely wet her pants, then decided to come in and shop without a care in the world.

As she turned back to face me and made her way back to my counter, I tried to check out the front of her pants without making it too obvious. Oh yeah, the dark oval pattern matched the back, and was very consistent with wetting while in a sitting position, without a doubt. I had no clue what to do with this discovery. I sold her the items and waved her off as she stumbled out the door and said "Bye, lovely!"

*004*2019-08-02 04:48

{{2 hours ago, Mariner62 said:

Or drunk enough to not care. Either way, I would like to have been there to see it myself.

}}

She was buzzed, but really didn't seem all that drunk. She appeared sober enough to be aware of her surroundings.

