Wetting the bed while sleeping next to my boyfriend

Author: Goddess Lissa

*000*2024-09-09 13:08

The other night while sleeping next to @WesternWets

I woke feeling like I had to pee SO BAD and rolled over. Realizing I actually had started to pee I quickly got up, heavy leaking and a trail from the bed to the bathroom, I made it to the toilet and let the rest release fully. Telling my boyfriend I needed to shower. He was half asleep at the time. After my shower I told him there was probably a piss spot on the bed as I had peed it. He quickly got up all excited. I had no idea how big it actually was and was surprised. We ended up needing to wash the mattress cover under the sheet as well.

Usually when I end up peeing the bed in my sleep I dream I've walked into the bathroom. This time was completely different with me not even realizing how much I had peed the bed before getting up.

I was wearing comfy pj shorts no panties.

Picture is of the spot I left 💦💦 First time I've had a true accident in bed with my boyfriend in bed with me.

&&

*001*2024-09-09 16:56

{{1 hour ago, fredfredburger24 said:

When you make it to the toilet already wet, do you drop your shorts or just sit down and finish through them?

}}

I just sat on the toilet and peed on the shorts. I couldn't wait to pull them down I was already leaking so much trying to hold in what I could

*002*2024-09-09 20:33

{{2 hours ago, fredfredburger24 said:

Is that every time it happens or do you sometimes get your wet shorts down? I personally wouldn’t bother as the damage is done and the mess can only get bigger on the floor if you try.

}}

I usually sleep without bottoms so it isn't an issue haha. But I don't bother unless I'm really sleepy and it's out of habit to pull them down

*004*2024-09-11 11:04

{{6 hours ago, slothmallow said:

Did it feel like an enjoyable experience or was it scary for you? I think I read your partner's account of this incident, and it sounded like you both enjoyed it?

}}

I was a little embarrassed at first. Even though we both love the fetish it was my first time wetting the bed with him in it. But I was also excited to tell him after that moment had passed haha. It was exciting overall for sure. He was so happy and I loved the way the trickling down me felt.

