Wetting Whilst Running

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-07-24 08:35

Most Saturday mornings Matty, Alice and I attend our local park run event. The one we go to is a 5K run around the park. It attracts quite a lot of people and we always have a good time. We could go for speed and come in with the leaders of the pack but we aren’t doing it for competition and we enjoy a steady run around the park and usually average 30 minutes. My record is 13 minutes but as I say we don’t go for speed.

I got up yesterday morning and as it was set to be another really warm day I decided on spandex shorts instead of my usual leggings so that my legs wouldn’t get too warm and a pink spandex vest top. I went downstairs and made myself a cup of coffee and waited for the others to be ready. We finished our drinks and jumped in the car and headed over to the park. When we got there we went to the the cafe in the park and bought a bottle of water to take with me and bought a cup of tea as we had some time before the run started.

We sat in the sun drinking our tea then went for jog to warm up. We did a lap of the park and when we got back to the start line we got in position ready to start. As we were stood listening to the run organiser giving the rules to anybody that was running for the first time I noticed the coffee and tea had started filling my bladder and I was quite desperate for a wee. I thought about going to the toilet but figured it wasn’t too bad and I would go afterwards. After a few minutes the starting gun went and we set off.

The first lap of the park was fine and as we started the second lap I took a big swig from my water to cool down a little and I felt my bladder was filling up fast. The motion of running was making her bounce and put added pressure to the desperation I was already feeling and was making my need to pee worse. The good thing was it didn’t feel uncomfortable, the feeling of my bladder bouncing and adding to my need felt really good and turned me on. By the time we got to the third lap I was absolutely busting for a pee. Had I been stood still it wouldn’t have been too bad but my bladder bouncing was putting so much pressure on my pee hole. 

Halfway round the lap I could feel it threatening to trickle out and my naughty side took over and I figured that my shorts were black and would show the wetness but people would just think it was sweat marks. I relaxed a little let a trickle out and it felt so nice as it dampened my shorts and soaked against my thighs. As I ran along I kept letting little trickles out and enjoying the feeling and by the time we got to the finish line I had a very big wet patch on the crotch of my shorts. Luckily however because it was so warm it was drying quickly and that gave me another naughty idea.

After you cross the finish line you get into a single file line and walk around the flower bed area and you get given a position token. This has a barcode on it and each person has their own unique barcode. You then walk around and get both of these scanned and this matches the position you came in to your name so you can look for yourself on the leaderboard and see your time. As we came in around 30 minutes and was with most of the other runners you end up queuing and waiting to get your barcodes scanned. 

This is fine as normally you just enjoy standing around after running all that way, it’s good for cool down. We collected our position tokens and got in line to be scanned and I stood subtly pee dancing. Now I was stood still the pressure wasn’t as bad but I was really desperate and almost leaking. Knowing that my shorts would dry quickly meant I could allow leaks to escape. As we slowly moved along the line I kept leaking and each time I loved the feeling of the wet spandex which was tight against my skin.

The only problem with allowing myself to leak was it made holding on harder and I soon found myself leaking uncontrollably and getting close to spurting. I really didn’t want to suddenly wet myself around all these people and urged the line to move forward quickly. I stood stepping from foot to foot and squeezing my thighs together to try and control the flood without being too obvious that I was in desperate need of a wee.

Suddenly a wave of desperation hit me and my pee hole opened and a spurt shot out and soaked the front of my shorts and I felt pee slowly running down my leg and I quickly leaned down and wiped it off before anyone saw. By the time we got to the scanners I had spurted a couple more times and had little trails of pee running down the back of my legs. As much as I didn’t want to wet myself I was so turned on by the fact someone behind me would see. I scanned my barcodes and said I was going to the bathroom. Alice came with me whilst Matty was talking to one of the other runners.

We walked up to where the cafe was and when we opened the door to where the toilets were I saw there was a queue. There was a ladies toilet and a gents toilet which each one was just one room with one toilet in so there was usually a queue. Seeing this made me spurt again and I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold on long enough to wait in line so I grabbed Alice’s hand and walked over to a nearby tree. I stood next to it and before Alice could ask what I was doing I released the pressure and allowed my pee hole to open. 

I saw her about to ask me but then her attention was brought to the hissing noise and the sound of pee splashing on the floor. She smiled at me as I moaned in relief and pee poured out and saturated my shorts and ran down my legs. Eventually the stream died down and turned into drips and I leaned back against the tree sighing happily. My tight wet shorts felt so nice clinging to my skin and I ran my hand over them feeling the wetness. I quickly wiped my legs dry and we walked back down to where Matty was.

Despite my shorts been soaked through it wasn’t too obvious that they were wet so I didn’t attract too much attention. We sat down on the grass whilst Matty went to get us drinks and sandwiches and when he got back we laid out and enjoyed our picnic whilst relaxing in the sun. We stayed there for about an hour before we decided to head home. As we were walking back towards the exit of the park I suddenly realised that before when I had said I was going to the bathroom Alice had said she was coming too and yet she hadn’t been. I asked her and she said she had to go but was going to wait until we get home. We came out of the park and as we were walking up the road to where we were parked I was talking to Matty and Alice was walking behind us and I heard her say “guys” but didn’t say anything else so we continued our conversation. 

Suddenly there was a splashing noise and she said “GUYS!!!”. We turned round and she was stood with her legs spread wide open with pee pouring down her leggings and all over the floor. My eyes widened with arousal and I looked at her smiling mischievously. She giggled when she saw our faces and said “I was going to wait until we got home but you looked like you enjoyed wetting your shorts earlier and I wanted a go”. We watched as she finished flooding herself and then continued to the car. When we got there we both stripped out of our shorts and leggings and sat on towels in the car and set off home. Certainly was a good start to a Saturday morning

*003*2016-07-24 12:23

{{1 hour ago, moiamigo said:

Wow! Great story thanks. Was it her 1st time?

}}

Definitely not, she wets herself all the time.

*008*2016-07-25 15:54

{{1 hour ago, Sir Nobody said:

Another awesome story, Gemmy! Just a little curious, have you ever completely peed yourself in front of a group of strangers? It always seems like you make it to the front door or find a secluded spot to enjoy a sneaky wetting. I was just wondering if you ever thought, "Not here, not now!" and it happened.

}}

I have done it in front of strangers, sometimes by accident, other times on purpose. I don't have an issue with wetting in front of strangers, I enjoy the rush so I don't get the "not here and now" kind of feeling.

