Milovana Omorashi Desperation Challenge

Author: Golden Throw

*000*2025-06-09 06:20

Just starting.

Hope this is the right section of the forums! A friend shared this challenge by Mycall, and I thought I'd give it a shot. I changed clothes slightly for this (I was previously in very loose shorts) but I'm feeling just fine now. A little excited, but also tired. It's kinda late at night for me. I don't think I've ever done a webtease like this nor shared an omorashi experience. This is pretty new for me, although I've had this kink for like a decade now. I'll include some pictures as I go along! Hope you enjoy as much as I do!

&&

*001*2025-06-09 06:45

I start with level 0, since I just went before starting. I drink a glass (well, a bottle) to start. The first task is chess. Apparently there will be a forfeit every time I lose a piece. I choose which. Out of the options I choose a sip of water. I choose a 400 elo bot and won pretty easily, even though I had no idea what I was doing. I did lose a few pieces though, including my queen. But it was easy overall.

Drinking another glass, I decide to redefine my definition of what a glass is. My bottle is 700 ml, but I'll define 500 ml as enough. This isn't to get off easy; it's just so I have to get up less. The next random task is hypnosis related. As I haven't managed to get that to work on me since I was a kid, I skip. So then I get the task of browsing this site for 15 minutes. We'll since I'm already here I might as well. Will update again soon!

*002*2025-06-09 07:21

That was okay. Another 500 ml and I carry onto the next task. And... oh I so badly wish it wasn't late. Asking me to phone a friend and let out a little pee. It's just too late for that to be any kinda reasonable though. Sad. If I ever do this challenge again I will absolutely do this one. My friends are fellow perverts so they would be okay with this if they did find out anyways. Not like it would be less embarrassing. But instead I'll skip. And talk a walk. Skip. It's too dark. So my real task is to watch a video (preferably educational) and flick my nipple every time I hear the word "to". Shouldn't be too bad.

And mostly through the video and I forgot to actually have the timer start by clicking go. Flicking my nipple is turning me on, and I can feel my bladder fill up so more. I think I'll move onto level 1 without letting the timer run out.

*003*2025-06-09 07:24

Starting level 1 and I feel excited. Both in the horny way and in the having fun way. I do feel like I kinda need to go, but not by much. Another glass to drink awaits me!

*004*2025-06-09 07:52

First level 1 makes me do lunges. I only got 8 done. Not in shape. I strip to my underwear and take the selfie below. I think this is the first time I've ever posted a picture like this online, so it's mighty embarrassing. I wasn't wearing a bra.

Next I do lunges, tress poses, push ups, frog poses, and toe touches as I feel myself get fuller. Then comes the inanimate object lap dance. To Rick Astley. This is just humiliating. I choose my phone. Take a screenshot of the video. Whatever. I drink another glass. After this I move onto level 2. I would be seeking a restroom about now.

&&

&&

*005*2025-06-09 08:08

Starting level 2. So you know how I said it was dark out? Fuck it I'm horny and doing this bonus task. Time for a walk. I live in suburbia anyways.

My walk doesn't end up being 15 minutes, because I run out of sidewalk, but when I reach as far as I can go I duck behind a tree, let a little into my panties, and take this picture. It's not much but I had to be quick. It was very dark.

I'm horny so I opt into humiliating tasks! Let's see where this takes us!

&&

*006*2025-06-09 08:41

More water! It feels endless. I am really starting to feel the need. I lean against a shelf and then stand for the task. I'm officially potty dancing at this point. The task of just letting out a few drops is terrifying and very mean, but I manage to do it! I just can't can't stop thinking about how much I wanna pee at this point. But I'm not giving in. Not yet.

Lying down for a while is no problem, but I have trouble holding my breath for very long. So I kinda skip that one. The test one is evil. With the desperation I can't think straight, but I make my estimate of 7. I'm lucky I was right there. 35% skill, the rest luck. Then I'm made to stand still. No squirming. This is what does me in. I leak just a little. For now, though, I'm going to continue with level 2. It was a very very small amount after all.

Oh what the fuck! I'm typing this as I go and now it's making me let a squirt out after every task for clicking the next level button but going back. This is unfair! 😞

I'm made to lean in a corner and let a little out on my legs, which is just incredibly humiliating (and now I'm having trouble not touching myself). Next is lying on the ground with all my weight on my bladder. Uncomfortable but I manage fine. The next glass of water just breaks down a bit of my willpower. I hold my legs to my chest for a bit to be told I finished the first round of level 2. Insulting. I'm leaking a bit more consistently now, so I guess I'll move onto level 3. And move into the bathroom for an easy clean after.

*007*2025-06-09 08:53

Oh how merciful! I'm being allowed to pee. I thought I still had a little more to go! I pick the shower and let out a "little" spurt into my panties. I rub my damp spot for a minute and then sit down to be confronted with a mystery timer before I can let go. Evil. Hatred. I just want to go.

And then I pee myself. It's amazing. Heavenly. So warm. I start by just not holding anymore, but then I push a bit to make it all come out. Wonderful. Here's the pictures.

Lastly for an orgasm.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*008*2025-06-09 09:13

Somehow this feels more embarrassing to post about than anything else. Bit it's part of the tease...

I start by rubbing myself through my clothes for two minutes, then a minute of cool off. I touch myself for a minute, strip to my underwear, and start touching myself through my piss-soaked panties for a minute. I get naked and masturbate to the edge with them. After 45 seconds of cool down I come to a conclusion: I don't think I want to orgasm after all. Call me a denial whore but I like it more when I don't orgasm. Plus my owner wouldn't like it. I find I have some pee left so I let it out all over myself. I'm in the shower anyways, after all.

All in all, I finish with 108 points. Hope you enjoyed this write up!

