My new milestone of bladder overflow (the two discoveries)

Author: Guest Fan_Nilicker

*000*2019-02-09 23:45

About a year ago I had an exciting experience, which I would like to share.

I did not plan a hold for that day, but an opportunity just presented itself - it was afternoon and no one else would be home until late evening. So, I consumed a 0.5-liter bottle of water at once, and also placed a 1-liter jug on the desk, where I decided to study some Maths. In about 30 minutes, it got quite challenging for me to study - not because of the rising urge to pee, but due to the excitement. When I finally realized that the productivity of my studies was lost completely and my left hand was reaching down to my crotch without my command, I decided to stop and take a walk.

Walking allowed me to distract a little bit from the rising pressure inside my bladder. Trying not to think about it, I went further and further away from home. At some moment, I noticed that the speed of my walking became too unstable, and my hands occasionally started grabbing my crotch, beyond my conscience. Since then, nothing could distract me from my increasing problem anymore. I decided that teasing myself would better in a calm atmosphere, so I headed back home. The way back took me an additional 20 minutes, during which it was a bit challenging for me not to attract people's views with my fidgeting behaviour.

When I reached home, I firstly finished the jug (there was about a glass of water left there), and then threw myself onto my bed. I tried poking my belly - it was noticeably harder than usual. I thought that waiting for my bladder to totally fill would be dull, so I decided to speed up the process for myself by taking a nap. I took a position in which my bladder disturbed me the least (with knees bent), and then fell asleep.

I don't exactly remember what woke me up (some noise from the street, possibly), but I do remember that it was already dark outside. I also remember an acute pain in the bottom of my belly. I took the blanket off it and was amazed by the size of the bulge - it looked like my bladder had never been that full before! I had never thought that it was capable of something like that! So, I took a picture of it (it was my profile picture until recently). Sorry for the quality.

After a couple more minutes, when I woke up completely, lying still became impossible for me. With my hands clung to my crotch, I started constantly moaning and squirming in my bed, begging for my poor bladder to hold a bit longer. After that stopped helping, I took my last resort - masturbation. Lying on my back, I started fiercely masturbating, with my left hand covering my belly. Although, with such a full bladder, the erection was impossible for me to achieve. At some point, I started putting pressure on my bulge for some reason. Then I noticed that the higher the pressure was, the more arousing it was becoming for me! I intensified the masturbation and started brutally massaging my bladder. In less than a minute, I got my first ever orgasm without an erection! That's how I first discovered the bladder/prostate correlation for myself.

After I came, I felt a huge wave of relief - it even felt like I was falling asleep again. Too bad the instant relaxation of my body has also reached my bladder... When I realized that I was wetting myself, my boxers and a quarter of my bedsheet were already soaked ?

So, quite an interesting day it was - two discoveries for the price of one ?

&&

