Two random public wetting sightings

Author: Guest robotdujour

*000*2020-11-22 18:37

I'm kind of bored and don't participate as much as I should, so here are two random sightings I've seen. One was about a year ago, the other maybe three or four years ago:

One time I was on my way to the gym on a Saturday morning and I was crossing into DC when I biked past a girl (mid 20s or so, looked like a runner, maybe 5'5"? Hard to remember) wearing gray leggings/yoga pants. I assumed she was just coming back from a run because she had a bit of a sweat spot around her crotch and it was like 95+ degrees that morning.

But then I realized she was carrying a purse and a coffee and had a sweatshirt tied around her waist (and who goes running with a sweatshirt when it's 95 degrees out unless to tie around one's waist for some clandestine pants peeing, hmm?). So I'm ~99% sure she was peeing her pants on purpose. To this day I still kick myself for not turning around and saying something vague like "That's pretty hot" just to see if she acknowledged it. Good for her though, quite bold.

The other one further back was when I used to belong to a city boating club and it was a great place to hang out even if you weren't sailing. I remember seeing one girl, also probably mid 20s, cute, maybe 5'4" and 120ish. I forget why but I had the impression she was French lol. Anyway she was wearing grayish-white cotton gym shorts and I suddenly realized that the shorts had a dried pee stain on them...like full on as if she had completely wet herself and then let them dry.

So yeah she 100% had peed herself in those shorts, of that I am sure. Alas, I didn't get a chance to talk to her or ask her about it so I dunno if maybe it was an accident and she just forgot to wash the shorts before wearing them again, or if she wet herself on purpose but forgot to wash the shorts before wearing them again, or - my personal theory - did it on purpose and then wore the shorts on purpose because she thought it was hot (agreed!). 

She spent five or so minutes rigging her boat before a guy friend (probably boyfriend) showed up and they went sailing. I saw her sail a different time in the pouring rain (while wearing jeans) and her jeans definitely got quite wet from the rain, so I snuck a few glances at the crotch of her jeans to see if I saw any telltale wet patches that wouldn't have come from the rain, but I didn't see any sadly.

Anyway sorry I don't have any more detail, but your imagination is as good as mine!

