Wetting while doing laundry... In a laundromat

Author: Guest Diapered fur

*000*2016-07-01 07:58

If you've seen my first post, I'm now affected by urinary incontinence which has cause quite a few accidents. The newest accident happened in a laundromat in my "dorm" building. I was washing sheets that I had wet while asleep due to not putting on a diaper before bed because I was so tired and random clothes, some were wet from accidents my daytime pull ups couldn't hold. So I'm doing laundry and I'm wearing my nighttime diapers, ( its near bed time and they are really good at holding wettings but are pretty crinkly) and I feel a slight need to pee. I ignore it due to the fact that I think I can hold it til I get to my apartment since I'm so close to the laundry room. I start to switch out my laundry and I hear someone enter the room. I'm kneeling at the washing maching when she goes to the machine next to me.

I try to get up after putting my laundry in the basket very carefully but can't avoid the slight crinckle of the diaper... she gives me a strange look but I had a receipt from the store from earlier so I took it out and took it to the nearby trash can. I went back to my basket and as I went to bend over to grab it, I completely wet my diaper uncontrollably. The worst part is that this diaper crinkles more when wet so I have to make my movements subtle in order to avoid detection. I thiught i was in the clear until I was bending to put laundry in the dryer, my shirt wasn't long enough and the waistband was apparently visible. I then got a scoff from her and I asked if she was alright (assuming something had gone wrong with the machine they were using), to which she replied...

"no, nothing'swrong with me, is something wrong with you?"

I then asked her to clarify what she meant and the conversation went like this

"Well, I mean... youre wearing a diaper... "

"Uuum, no..."

"Dude, I clearly saw that you're wearing one, I even heard it, and saw it"

"Uuuuhhhh..."

"What are you, a little kid unable to know when you have to go?"

I was quick in my feet and used my mild epilepsy to ramp up my reasoning (lying a bit in the way, as i haven't had a seizure in a while)

" I have relatively severe epilepsy and it's better that I don't wet myself if I have a seizure..."

She immediately paused and turned red as she thought she had judged me too quickly

"I... I'm so sorry, I feel like an ass. I didn't realise"

"Its fine, it's pretty embarrassing to walk around honestly knowing situations like this happen all the time"

"No, it's fine, you shouldn't be embarrassed if you can't help it... okay?"

"I know but still, it can make things pretty awkward sometimes for me"

"So how long have you had seizures?"

"Since I was about two..."

"Wow, were they always really bad?"

"No, they only came back and got worse a few years ago"

"I'm so sorry to hear that, do you need any help with anything? "

"What do you mean?"

"WelI, I mean I work for the hospital down the road and I'm well versed in caring for people who wet themselves and also have seizures"

"What does that have to do with me?"

"I mean... If you want, I can stay with you when you're here and make sure you're okay and change your diaper when you need..."

I told her that my boyfriend looks after me and she then responded with

"Is he okay with all of that "

"Ya, he understands and is really nice about it"

"I'm glad, he must really love you"

"Ya, we've been together for a while and he got used to this"

"I'm sorry, I guess I should mind my own business. I also should've been more understanding and not jump to conclusions..."

"Its alright, I'm used to it"

Then the room went silent for a moment and she said

"I'll keep it a secret"

"Thank you, it would be really embarrassing if this got out"

"No problem, I gotta get back to my room... but if you need me I'm just a few doors down."

"Thanks, but I'll be fine"

Then she started her laundry and left... do you think that it was okay that I exaggerated my condition a little bit to avoid a more embarrassing conversation or was that the right move?? Its more embarrassing to admit i cant control my bladder than to explain epilepsy I feel...

