Ex-girlfriend desperation 2

Author: Guest blitzomo

*000*2015-09-29 19:45

This is another story about my ex-girlfriend. As you remember, she was very good at concealing her bodily needs, and seemed to be able to hold a quite full bladder without showing any signs. Probably because she was too shy, or too well-behaved and had a lot of self control. The fact is that she never squirmed, nor grabbed herself or even said she needed to pee. Here is the account of one of the very few occasions when that happened.

She used to play a musical instrument at an orchestra, and she was doing that very professionally. The thing is that usually they had to practice a lot, and rehearsals were about three or four hours long. Of course they got a break in the middle, but it is not very long. This day was a particularly warm day in the middle of July and everyone was keeping a water bottle nearby, and as I attended the practice session with her, I saw that she was not the exception. She had a one-liter water bottle and was constantly sipping from it.

By break time, she was just chatting with everyone and didn't showed any signs of discomfort. I knew she usually held it a lot, and that she also avoided using other bathrooms. She had told me in other occasions that she preferred to use the bathroom at her house, and that she would manage to hold it for long periods. But back to the scene; the break was over and she did not use the ladies, so she kept practicing for another hour and a half. Finally the practice session was over and everyone was dismissed. She was looking happy and distracted,

After the practice I took her to the city and we planned to go to a restaurant to have lunch. We went to Subway, and it was a particularly warm day, so I remember she had to refill her iced-tea before leaving the place. Afterwards we spent the afternoon walking around the city, we went to some shops and chatted about everything, then we went for an ice cream and time passed until it was almost three o'clock. That was four hours after her practice, and she hadn't visited the ladies in around six hours, I calculated. So it struck me, she would have to go pretty soon, first because all the water and also because she had plenty to drink at lunch. I asked her directly, and she told me that in fact she needed to go "a little", but it was not too bad and she could just hold it for a while. Of course she knew that I liked that, and she told me she would hold it until it was "absolutely necessary".

So, we thought what to do next. We walked for some time more, and after that we were a little bit tired, so we went to a park to relax and sit down for a while. The good thing was, that this park was very big and that I knew there were no toilets on that place. It's just a very big park, with a lot of places to rest, a lot of trees, and even a small lake, but no public toilets. And it was just perfect for the occasion. My girlfriend was getting a little bit nervous, but she was too proud to admit anything, so when I asked her directly how badly she needed to go, she replied that she was ok and that she would not have too much troubles holding until her home, when we returned from our trip. She was very accustomed to hold for long periods, and I knew she had a pretty strong bladder, but sooner or later she would had to admit that she couldn't take it anymore.

I knew by this time that she had taken around two or three liters of liquid throughout the day, so I was sure she wouldn't need to drink more to get to the desperate point. And I also knew her bladder surely couldn't hold the two or three liters. So it was just a matter of time.

We got bored and went for a quick walk, but suddenly she could not stand up from where she was sitting. I asked

- What happens?

- Umm. Nothing -she told me completely frozen.

She tried to stand up, but I could see she was in trouble. Her bladder was quite full and she hadn't noticed it when she was sat down, but now that she tried to stand, she suddenly felt that things were worse than planned.

At last she stood up and we started to walk, but she was walking with her legs really pressed together, and she could not concentrate anymore in the conversation. She was so distracted that she had to walk in short steps, and I could see her tempted to place her hands between her tights and just grab herself openly, but she resisted this impulse.

I asked again if she could hold it, and she replied directly:

- I don't think I could really hold it 'till home.

- Is it really that bad?

- REALLY. I am exploding, and now.

- Do you want to go look for a toilet?

- Umm...

She was already biting her lips, crossing her legs and dancing around discretely, lifting one leg in place and passing her hands over her tight jeans. I knew she really wanted to relieve herself. But then she made up her mind and replied:

- No, I think I still can make it home. But let's leave now, yes?

She was more begging than asking, and of course I knew she was close to her limit. We hurried to the bus station and took the first bus that passed, arrived at the center and took another bus that would take us home in ten minutes. She sat there with her legs clenched together, and she grabbed herself between moans and short phrases like "gotta pee gotta pee". She placed three of her fingers directly over her crotch, and pressed firmly until her jeans were showing a slight cameltoe. Then she started to shift positions, and finally to move her knees and bounce her legs very fast. She even sat at the edge of the chair, with her back all straight, bouncing and jumping in place, biting her lips again and looking very nervous.

- You ok?

- Gotta pee gotta pee...

- We are really close, wait just a little longer!

- I really cannot, I'm literally about to lose it.

She removed her hand and I saw a really small patch in her jeans. She was leaking! And we were just five minutes from her house. She grabbed herself again very firmly and squirmed like crazy, and held it very openly. Everyone could see that she was extremely desperate.

We jumped out of the bus and started to walk. My girlfriend was losing it, she could not even walk normally. She started to give tiny steps, and of course she could not remove her hand from between her tights. We had to walk 200 meters and open her house, and then walk downstairs to get to the bathroom.

- I am leaking now!

- Try your best! We are so close!

- I cannot!

She leaked a little bit more, and I could see the dampness spreading over her jeans. She managed to stop it, but she had to stop walking and now she was standing completely still, with a dark patch between her legs. She started walking again, and she managed to get all the way to the front door by giving tiny steps and little jumps. She lifted her leg as she looked for the keys, opened the door and ran to her room, but she was leaking more and more, and I could hear some hissing a couple of times. I was running behind her, and she was wetting herself!

She tried so hard to hold it, grabbed herself and made a bee line to the toilet, but as she got there, her pants were completely soaked and a long line of pee was running down to the level of her knees. She removed her jeans and sat to the toilet with her panties still on, and then she soaked them completely. I heard a lot of hissing, as she exploded and released all the liquid she held all the day. It lasted two or three minutes, and she was completely flooding her panties as she moaned and smiled from the relief.

