The perfect ending to a vacation

Author: Guest Shinrinomo

*000*2020-05-20 17:39

(This story includes male desperation, unfortunately no wetting, but I leaked a tad bit)

Since the quarantine stuff started, it's been making me want to post this story. Long story short, I'm very bathroom shy when I'm around people I know. If family or friends are near my bathroom, I get really shy and embarrassed and can't pee, or poop.. I live with my parents still (I'm currently 22) It's been rather difficult lately because we're all stuck at the house for obvious reasons, but that adds to the fun

It reminded me of a story that happened about a year ago when my parents and I were staying with my grandmother.

So my grandmother stays in a small, older house, with only 2 bathrooms. A bathroom in her main bedroom, and a guest bathroom in the hallway. Now like I said the house is very small; It has a main bedroom, guest bedroom, living room, and kitchen, so I was sleeping on the couch. We were only staying there for a day/night as we needed to be home by a certain day. So I figured ok, I'll just wait and pee when we get back on the road because we needed to stop anyway when we left her house to get gas.

Let's just say when I woke up in the morning, that was no longer an option. I was exhausted the night before, so my parents let me sleep in, which was very nice of them, however my bladder disagreed. I woke up and my bladder was filled to the tip of my dick. I raised my head up and looked around to see if anyone was around, and there wasn't, so I shoved my hands in my crotch to help hold it in. I got up off the couch and ran towards the bathroom, hunched over and all. But when I got to the bathroom I heard my parents talking in the room across the hall from where the bathroom is. I panicked. I was on the verge of wetting myself, my parents were right across the hall and awake, and I knew I had to act fast or else they would see me holding myself.

I nearly sucked it up and used the bathroom like a normal person, but the vacation was going so well that I didn't want to ruin it by being embarrassed going to the bathroom right next to my parents, let alone them hearing me sigh in relief, and possibly moan a little bit. So I made the split second decision to make a run for the backyard. Right when I got out the door to the back yard and closed it behind me, I sprung a leak. Thankfully it wasn't a very noticeable; a small dot the size of a quarter essentially, which my shirt covered.

As soon as I was able to stop the leaking, I ran over to a bush, yanked the front of my pants down, and unleashed a torrent of pee. I couldn't help myself and let out a long moan and relaxed all of my muscles, I was in heaven. I had good timing I guess because shortly after I was done and covered my privates my grandmother came outside and asked what I was doing. I told her I was just getting some air before we left and thinking about what all I needed to do when we got home, and thank god she believed me!

I'm still shy about using the bathroom around family and friends to this day. But I personally don't mind, as desperation is my number 1 turn on, and it leads to some really exciting (and hot) scenarios like this one! Hopefully this wasn't too long of a story, but I wanted to try and explain it in detail ^^

