First Wetting Ever!

Author: ghost girl

*000*2018-12-18 07:07

This is my first and so far only wetting ever. I've been into omorashi for a really long time and finally decided to try wetting! Below is what I wrote while it was happening. Hope you enjoy .....

I got high and and drove around little then walked around the supermarket for a few mins ... had to pee a little but wanted to be in and out of the store.

Sat in car for a while

Got back to my room... decided this was fun...

Drank half a sprite bottle of franzia and smoke a J smoked part of a bowl and had more franzia...

Went to bathroom sat on toilet didn’t pee

Looked up pee holding challenges... had to push against chair as part of a challenge and a spurted twice

Typing this while crossing legs and fidgeting ... so full .. new feeling I have to pee so bad and I LEAKED with the chair thing... tried it again and it didn’t work but still

Listened to rain sounds

Sat on in chair to compare to how this would feel in class... unbearable if I wasn’t high I’d be freaking out I’m leaking slowly as I type and don’t hold

Smoked more scared the sound of the glade can would make me have to pee had to put heel on crotch

Going to walk down one flight of stairs and then walk back have to go through a double doors to get there. Scared I won’t be able to make it I’m holding my crotch in my room but I’m gonna run out and do this not going to bring phone

Walked down two flights of stairs to next floor walked back up to my floor decided to look at the door color on the fourth floor walked two flights up there looked on the way down had to grab myself a little went to my floor was scared I was going to have to talk to my friend but I didn’t see her, went into my room and locked the door and took off my pants and slippers. I had to grab myself immediately when I was walking down the stairs I could feel the weight of my bladder moving

I set up a towel on the floor

Watched a video of water dropping

Watched a video of how to hold pee. it said to squeeze but I did it and it made it worse and pushed it all forward in my bladder

Need to pee so bad that I went to unlock and then re-lock my door just to make sure it was locked I couldn’t even not hold myself for that short amount time!

Tried sitting on couch and pretending I was in class too hard without holding my fingers i have never had to pee so bad literally ever in my life. I want to masturbate but I’m scared that if I cum I'll also P in my bed

Was massaging crotch when a leak went down my leg, actually down both legs caught me by surprise

Switched out towels to darker towel

- leaking a little in underwear

Rocking back-and-forth searching YouTube for a good video

Leaked

Massaging self, leaked again a lot is coming out while I'm trying to find videos, it’s going down my leg it's really happening

I Spurted

Let go of crotch for one second started to leak HAD to hold with hands

Can’t leave towel sitting on heel

Still looking for videos stressed about homework class is an hour wondering if I could take shower after this squirming and peeing

Trying to find any good videos scared I won’t find it fast enough

Goin at it peeing a little as I do

Lost control and peed all down my legs and the towel

So much came out all over legs

Cleaned up .

Was pretty great !

*005*2019-01-03 07:09

{{On 1/1/2019 at 8:02 AM, desp_wet said:

How was your first time? Will there be another?

}}

It was great! For sure there will be. I'd like to do it more sober next time

{{14 hours ago, wettingman said:

Welcome to Omorashi. It sounds like you really enjoyed yourself. I enjoyed your real time telling of your desperation and wetting. Thank you for sharing.

}}

Thanks! I've been into omo for years and never wet until then!

