Tried something new

Author: Gamerman

*000*2018-12-28 17:42

So I thought that I would try a new experiment while i was lounging around the house or playing some video games. As you guys know by now I am a big gamer and love to hold and wet while i game.

So about a week and a half ago I decided I was going to play an open world game with some grey sweats and a regular T-shirt on a friday night. I popped in Red Dead Redemption 2 and started playing the story a bit. I had no urge to pee yet but my idea was i was going to stay relaxed the entire time, and just let it come out naturally when ever i had even the slightest urge. No holding back. After about 30 minutes of playing I still had no urge to pee and nothing came out so i got up, grabbed some water and came back to my sofa. I start going around hunting animals to sell to the butcher, gathering deer skin and buffalo skin to sell for a whole $2.

After that I go and customize my guns or go buy clothes in Valentine to look fresh to death while I kill some O’driscals. It’s about midnight and i still didnt really feel anything, until about 5 minutes later I felt a small amount of pressure in my bladder but nothing was coming out. Still relaxed i wait and continue playing. I have my character roaming the woods getting food for my camp when i fell a warm and wet sensation slowly come out into my briefs.

It was only about 2 seconds until it stopped, i look at the damage on my briefs and it was a pretty decent wet spot, maybe the size of a few quarters. I continue to stay relaxed as I stand up so i dont get any pee on my sofa just in case, and continue playing my game. After about 10 minutes, I feel it. I feel the warmbess spread around my crotch and the wetness run down my legs under my sweats as they start having a dark wet spot grow around my crotch and spread down my legs and start to form a puddle on the floor. I kept playing as I continue to pee and release everything i had.

About a minute goes by and i finish peeing myself and go grab some towels. I come back and clean up the mess on the floor, and sit down in my wet sweats and finish up my hunting before changing and washing off. I definitely will try this again in the future, and if anyone has trued this before let me know in the comments below. Make sure to like and subscribe, it helps a lot guys and ill see you next time! Lmao jk thanks for reading everyone. Here is a pic of the aftermath.

$$

$$

*003*2018-12-29 01:41

{{4 minutes ago, Emilylovesmusic said:

Mmm this is a really cute story

}}

Well thank you beautiful

*005*2018-12-29 02:21

Yes you’ll have to come over next time when i get back home lol

