Tales of Alice #1 - Frantic First Time

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-12-02 19:54

In the stories, I post here and whilst on the discord chat I mention Alice who is mine and Matty’s girlfriend. She is also our submissive and gives Matty and I complete control of her. I get asked a lot of questions about her and I figured I would share a few tales of her fall into the rabbit hole and how she gained a love of omorashi. I will start with the first time I ever saw her truly desperate and fell in love with seeing her in a desperate state.

Her and Matty have known each other since they were children as their parents were family friends. Then when they were about 11 years old her Mum got in a relationship with one of Matty’s uncles and eventually they got married so they became cousins. When I got together with Matty I met her a few times. Mostly at family gatherings and parties and got on really well with her. Then a couple of years ago, just after we moved to our new house we were at a family party and when we and our friends left to go back to our house she tagged along and spent the evening with us. She then sort of molded into our friend group and her and her and I started hanging out all the time and became best friends.

This story takes place one weekend in early 2015. Matty was going away for the weekend and I had no plans so I asked Alice if she wanted to hang out. She said she would love to so after Matty left I went and picked her up and we went out shopping. We talked about what we were going to do and she said that her and her parents had been invited to an open house party for somebody's birthday and said we could go there if we wanted something to do. I decided it sounded fun so she rang her parents and said we would be going. She said she would have to go home and get something to wear but I told her she could raid my wardrobe. After we finished shopping we went back to my house and spent the afternoon chilling out.

When it came time I went and showered and as I sat drying she came in and I told her to pick an outfit from my cupboard then she could go and shower. She went into the cupboard and I heard her looking through the clothes hanging there and her comments of “oooo I like this” or “this is nice”. After a few minutes she said “am I okay to wear this”. I looked around and saw she was holding my one piece, baby blue, romper shorts suit. She held it up to herself and I nodded and said she could wear whatever she wanted and added she would look super cute wearing that. She went off to shower and I finished drying off and got dressed. I chose a red top and a floaty white short skirt. As I was getting dressed she came back and after drying asked if she could borrow some knickers and I pointed out my underwear drawer and she rooted through and pulled out a pair of light blue knickers that matched the color of the romper suit.

She slipped them on and I asked if she wanted the matching bra. She thought for a moment then said she was okay and didn’t need one. I made the mock “oooo naughty” and she laughed and said she preferred not wearing one. She slipped on the romper suit and I helped her zip up at the back and when she asked how she looked I told her the truth and told her she looked stunning. The suit showed off her sexy curves and made her beautiful orange hair look even more stunningly orange in contrast with the pale blue. I also noticed that her lack of bra meant her nipples were poking against the material and were fully on show. I couldn’t help staring at them thinking how sexy her boobs looked wrapped in the thin blue fabric. Then she turned round and almost floored me when I saw how nice the shorts made her butt look.

We finished getting ready and then we called a taxi and headed off to the party. The party was pretty fun and we spent the evening chatting and enjoying the festivities. When her parents left the party Alice said she was staying and I said she could stay at mine that night to save her having to worry about what time she was getting home to her parents. We stayed a couple more hours than as people started leaving and the party was dying down we decided to head home. I looked at the time and saw it was half past 12 and when I rang for a taxi they said it would be about 20 minutes which I figured as it was Saturday and they would be busy. We got another drink and sat waiting for our taxi to come. A couple who were at the party said they were going to ring for a taxi and I said if they wanted they could share ours as we were heading in the same general direction.

I got a text about 20 minutes later saying our taxi was on the way. I went to find the couple to let them know and after I found them I visited the bathroom as I needed to pee and given how much I had been drinking I knew I would get desperate pretty quickly and figured I might as well empty my bladder and let it fill again rather than skipping it and ending up super desperate. After I peed I went back to Alice and told her the taxi was on the way and she said okay and went off out of the living room and I assumed she had gone to the bathroom. I would soon find out however that she hadn’t. She came back a few minutes later and just as she did my phone rang and the driver said he was outside. We grabbed the couple who was coming with us and went and got in the taxi. I explained to the driver we were going to the first address and would then be going to the address on his computer. He said that was fine and we headed off.

As we drove along we chatted with the couple and because I had sat on the seat facing the back window I was facing the other three and from my position I couldn’t help but notice Alice jiggling her legs up and down. I didn’t think anything of it as I assumed she had used the bathroom just before we left and just thought she was like me and her legs were a bit chilly. It took about 10 minutes to get across town to where the couple were going. As we pulled onto their road the guy pulled out his wallet but before he could open it I told him not to worry as the taxi fare would go onto the account we had with the taxi company.

After a back and forth between us he eventually gave up trying to give me money, thanked us and they got out. The driver clarified our drop off point and set off when I said it was right. I moved across to the spare seat next to Alice and when I looked round her leg bouncing had gotten a lot more intense and before I could say anything she let out a low moan and whispered “ohhh I really need a wee”. My eyes widened and I said I thought she had been just before we left. She shook her head and said “No, I went to say goodbye to the host’s, although I probably should have peed because now I am really desperate and in danger of wetting myself”.

Those words hit me and I became awash with arousal. I looked down at her legs which were shaking and bouncing and she was rocking back and forth. I asked if she would be okay and she nodded and said “yeah, as long as we get to yours quickly I will be fine”. It only took about 6-7 minutes to get to our drop off but those 7 minutes were spent listening to her moan and gasp and watching her bounce and squirm. When we pulled up we jumped out and I paid the driver and then we set off walking up the back road towards my front gate. As we were walking she kept stopping and crossing her legs and each time she did I felt my pussy throb with arousal. We got to my gate and set off up the drive. I noticed my sisters car wasn’t there and realised I didn’t have any keys to get in having agreed with my sister that she could let us in.

I told this to Alice and she looked at me in despair and asked where she was. We reached the front door and I rang Casey and she said she had just called at the takeaway and would be home in about 5 minutes. I put the phone down and told Alice who moaned and jammed her hand in her crotch and started pee dancing. I was mesmerized watching her. Knowing she was almost peeing herself turned me on but the fact she was wearing my knickers and my romper suit, which had been soaked in pee many times before, was only adding to my arousal. She kept moaning about how close she was to bursting and I suggested that she squat and pee by the drain. She shook her head and said to do that she would have to take off the suit and she didn’t have a bra on and didn’t want to reveal herself and then get caught mid pee by my sister and her boyfriend.

She continued dancing and squeezing her legs and each time she moved her hand from her crotch I noticed that she had pulled the suit tight into her pussy to help hold and ease the pressure and it had given her a sexy cameltoe. I could only stare with the knowledge that beneath just two thin pieces of fabric was her desperate pussy only just managing to hold back an ocean of pee. I was brought back to reality by her suddenly gasping and a chorus of “no no no”. I asked if she was okay and she laughed and said “Casey better hurry up, i almost lost it then”.

The next few minutes she paced around the door step moaning about how badly she needed to pee and close she was to weeing herself. All I could do was stand there getting insanely turned on. The feeling of my pussy soaking through my knickers was driving me crazy. I thought it couldn’t get better then suddenly she stopped pacing and said “oh god”. I asked what was wrong and when she moved her hand away I saw a wet patch on the crotch of the shorts. She jammed her hand back against her pussy and moaned “oh god where is she, I’m gonna explode”. She leaked a few more times and the wet patch slowly got bigger. I couldn’t believe it, a gorgeous redhead frantically trying not to have an accident and slowly failing. I thought i was dreaming.

Eventually we were thrown into light by Casey’s headlights and she pulled up to the garage. She got out of the car and went to say something but Alice shouted over her “hurry up Case, i’m practically wetting myself”. Casey laughed and came over and unlocked the door. As soon as the door opened Alice jumped over the doorway and kicked her shoes off. She stood at the bottom of the stairs for a moment holding herself tight before dashing up the stairs. I kicked off my own shoes and was about to head into the kitchen when Alice shouted my name followed by come here quick. I wondered what was up so I went upstairs and found her standing in the bathroom door. I noticed streaks of pee slowly running down her legs and at first I thought she had lost control and had had an accident.

Then I noticed she was still holding herself and dancing in desperation. I asked what was wrong and she said in a panicky voice “I can’t reach the zip on the back to take it off, please do it and be quick I can’t hold it”. I realised she had almost reached relief but then found an obstacle and the streaks on her legs were from spurts and leaks as she tried to hold on. My horny side wanted to leave her zipped up and watch her struggle and have her beg me to release her but I didn’t want to be that cruel, especially as she wasn’t into being made to hold it. I quickly undid the zip and she frantically peeled off the suit and pulled it down and started peeing just as she reached the toilet.

A forceful stream cascaded into the toilet and she let out a long low sigh of pleasure. She peed for a long time before eventually her bladder emptied and the stream died down. She sat for a moment sighing contentedly before kicking off the suit and asking if she could have some pyjamas. I went and got her some of my pyjamas and she slipped them on whilst I peed and then I went and got changed into some pyjamas and we went and sat downstairs and helped my sister and her bf eat their take away. After they finished eating they got themselves a drink and headed off to bed leaving me and Alice chatting downstairs whilst we each drank a cup of tea.

As always when I have been drinking my bladder was filling up pretty quickly and I was enjoying the feelings, especially since I was already super turned on. I wanted to keep holding it and enjoy being super desperate. We sat talking and drinking our tea and my bladder continued to fill really quick and soon I was sat there busting for a pee. I noticed Alice was sat squirming slightly and loved the thought of her bladder filling up quickly like mine. She finished her cuppa and after a few minutes she put the cup down and said “its no good, I’m gonna have to have a wee, don’t want to end up like before”. 

We both laughed and she stood up. As she was walking to the door I told her I was going to go watch TV in bed and if she wanted she could join me. She thought for a moment, all the while subtly pee dancing, and said she would go to bed. She left the room and I tidied the cups away and went upstairs and checked the spare room was in order. When she finished in the bathroom she came in and I bid her goodnight and left her to it.

Now that I was alone all I could think about was my rapidly filling bladder and my pussy dripping with arousal. I went to my room and grabbed the pint glass that was on my table and went and filled it up in the en-suite and went back to my bed. I slowly drank the water whilst enjoying the feeling of my bladder swelling. Once I finished it I put the glass and laid back. I slipped my pyjamas off and started to tease my aching pussy. After about five minutes I was absolutely bursting for a wee and having to really hold back. I replayed the images of Alice dancing in desperation and as I felt my own desperation imagining that is what she must have been feeling. I laid there squirming for about ten minutes until I was only just managing to keep holding. I started edging my pussy and holding myself right on the edge of cumming. I started leaking pee over my fingers which only turned me even more. I pictured Alice slowly leaking into her shorts and I couldn’t take it anymore. I needed to cum.

I let myself fall into an intense orgasm. As I came I started spurting uncontrollably and clamped my hand against my pee hole to stem the flow. Holding back so much liquid enhanced the pleasure and when it died down I laid for a moment enjoying the post orgasmic bliss. I felt my fingers getting wet and knew I was seconds from exploding so I quickly jumped off the bed, grabbed the glass bowl from under the bed and squatted over it and released my bursting bladder. Relief washed over me and I couldn’t help but rub my pussy as I peed. I quickly brought myself to another earth shattering orgasm and just sat there as my bladder emptied and I floated on the orgasmic high. When I finished and my bladder had emptied I picked up the bowl and went to empty it and then just flopped onto my bed and fell asleep.

I woke up the following morning and laid for a few moments nursing a full bladder before going and peeing and then getting dressed. I went downstairs and and made myself a cup of coffee and sat at the kitchen table watching TV. About 15 minutes later Alice came downstairs and wished me good morning and I told her to help herself to some breakfast if she wanted any. She got herself some coffee then sat at the table opposite me and watched the TV. She kept looking at me and looked like she was going to say something before turning back to the TV. Eventually she turned to me and said “can I ask you something?”. I looked up and nodded and she said “erm….I was just wondering, did you enjoy my desperate situation last night”. I looked at her unsure what to say.

She knew about my omorashi fetish, it’s not something that I hide but I wasn’t sure what kind of response to give. I meekly smiled at her and said “honestly, I did, I can’t help it, sorry if that bothers you”. She laughed and said “oh it doesn’t bother me, can i tell you something”. I nodded and she continued “you see I know that you enjoy being desperate to pee and enjoy seeing others desperate to pee which is why last night I didn’t use the bathroom before we left the party”. I stared at her processing what she had just said. She smiled and said “I needed to pee but decided not to use the bathroom so I would end up being desperate to give you something to enjoy”. I looked at her puzzled and said “really?”. She giggled and said “yeah, it was something Matty mentioned a while back and I wondered if I got desperate if you would enjoy it”.

I smiled and said “well to be perfectly honest I thoroughly enjoyed it, seeing you in that state was such a turn on. She nodded and said “I’m glad, knowing I might be turning you on was such a thrill”. I smiled and said “well you know as seen as we are being perfectly honest, it turned me on that much that when I went to bed I had such an amazing wank thinking about you being frantic for a pee. She blushed slightly and said “I hoped that's what you were doing, I was laid in bed last night playing with myself, hoping that you were in your bed getting off to me and that thought is what got me off”. I sat there, my mind racing at what she was telling me. Before I could say anything in response she finished her drink and stood up and as she walked over to put the cup in the sink she ran her hand up my arm and said “because you enjoyed it so much maybe I will do it again sometime”. My mind exploded and I hoped she seriously meant that.

