The first (And Only!) Time I got caught.

Author: Guest

*000*2019-06-30 06:28

Hoo boy! This was personally one of the worst moments of my entire life. Thankfully, no long lasting damage resulted from this, but in the moment, I WAS DEVASTATED.

So, in context, at the time I lived in a rural area. There's a decently sized wooded area behind my house. Lots of great foliage! Okay? Got that? Great!

It was in the midst of summer vacation, days were long, boring, and hot. And the obnoxious teen Krissy version of me, felt that she just didn't take enough risks in her life! Sure I had experimented a lot by that point in holding, wetting myself, even using diapers, as if the use and discreet disposal of those weren't risky enough, I really wanted to try something more 'outdoorsy'. Opportunity came knocking when my entire family left to go to a family gathering! I never go to them. It's my mother's side, and well, we don't get along too well. So, this of course meant, I got the entire house to my self! I got some rules of course, don't have anyone over, don't leave the yard, but nothing against using my undies as a portable toilet!

I gave it a few hours after they left, took the alone time to do some more, normal? Things I guess? You know, listening to music way too loud, taking the living room television for myself, and well, being a closeted trans girl, taking the opportunity to wear some of my more feminine clothes around the home. But soon the time was upon me! I just wanted to do one thing, go out into the woods in my yard, hold for as long as I can, and not return until I ruined a pair of underwear! I changed into more masculine attire, figuring as long as I wear normal undergarments, no one would notice anything on my dark pants in the area between my house and the trees. After I got into my hiding spot, my heart was racing. The tension was something else. You ever hear someone's AC turn on from outside out of nowhere, just silence, listening to the birds, and suddenly BZZZZZZZZ!!! Every time I nearly had a heart attack.

As for the holding, it was fun! I took the time to imagine myself if anyone was watching, what would they say? Would they notice I had to go? The combination of getting more and more desperate, and the tension of not being in a locked room for once kept me more than occupied in my brain-space. Eventually I got to the point it became unpleasant, (also it was way too hot to be out there for much longer). And decided enough, was enough, and I let the waters flow. The distinct sound I think we all know of pee streaming down someone's pants, dripping onto the ground. I'm sure the local flora were very appreciative! And even, having to well, y'know, go number 2 as well, I let that out into my underwear as well. Feeling total and complete relaxation, I felt like the bravest girl in the world! For a few minutes.

I have these, neighbors. And they have a kid. He's not too old. At the time of the story, I think he was like, 11? 12? Maybe younger. But APPARENTLY he and his friend are two explorers! Explorers who happen to just LOVE taking an expedition into the unknown wilds, of other people's property! After a few minutes of taking in the feelings my lower body was provided by relieving myself, I started to hear talking. I instantly froze. I didn't move. I didn't breath! I was hoping, praying, that they were going to go the opposite direction of me. Nope! I saw the two of them through the leaves far before they could see me.

They were coming right toward me, and it was any second now, before they found me. I don't think I was that exposed or anything, but up close, anyone could see I wet myself, and the only thing I heard one of them say was. "It smelled like someone pooped themselves." THOSE SIX WORDS ARE STILL BURNED IN MY GUILTY SUBCONSCIOUS. Right as I heard those words and they were almost upon me, my fight or flight instincts took over, and I bolted! I ran through the leaves in the opposite direction of them, not even trying to take the sneakiest route, I took the shortest one all the way too my back door.

I opened that ran inside, locked the door, and the burning of my blushing face, began to sting even. I quickly took a shower, changed, threw that pair of underwear in a trash bag, and took it out. And happily spent the rest of the day avoiding anything omo related and regretting my life choices. To this day I have no idea if they saw me, or recognized me. No one ever brought it up to me, so I'm hoping for the best! Either that, or they're just too disturbed to talk to me.

Well, thanks for reading! It felt good to get this off my chest in a judgment free zone! I hope you were in anyway entertained! If you have any comments or questions, I'd be happy to see them! Thanks again!

