Accidental pee on my bathroom floor!

Author: GoobooGooboo

*000*2025-01-27 00:38

Heyyy!!! I'm back again!!

This will be a smaller one because it was a smaller accident!

Well, as I've said in my other posts. I have a weak bladder! I can't really hold my pee very long! This is what happened here!

I had a long shift at work today. Answered so many phone calls. I was wearing my pencil skirt that's grey with a nice black paid of panties. It's cold. I'm stupid, but the clothes were comfy!! Anyways, since it was so busy at work I needed to pee really badly after a while. I usually can't hold it for longer than 5 hours. I say 2-5 hours is kind of my limit. I know. That's embarrassing ahaha. Well, being so desperate at work I was gonna just use the bathroom at work, but the one women's bathroom we have was out of order as I was leaving. I was like shoot. This is terrible. Well, I ran to my car. Drove home a little too fast. Don't tell anyone ahaha. I made it home!! Without peeing myself!

Well, then I got to my dreaded door. I was crossing my legs so tightly and I even shoved my hand into my crotch to just hold it. It was so so difficult. I got my door open, dry!! Then I stepped inside...and leaked. Well, it was a small leak, but my skirt was wet and my panties were wet. I actually did a little dance there for a bit. I kicked my boots off and ran to my bathroom. As I was running I was peeing. It left like a pretty nice trail all the way to the bathroom. Well, when I got inside of the bathroom I was still peeing. I pulled my panties down and just. Peed all over the floor. On total accident I just was standing there peeing through my skirt and down my thighs. I just. Watched as my skirt got wet and I peed on the floor. I danced a bit in place when I was all wet. Splashed the puddle a little ahaha. The accident itself was so embarrassing, but I giggled a lot at it. Because it was. Silly. It felt really good though. Loved the relief. Goshhhh. My thighs were so so so warm.

I know this is a shorter one, but thanks for reading it! After the pee puddle I made. I took my clothes off and just cleaned it up all naked. I took a shower and washed my laundry!!

Thanks again!! You all have been so so so nice to me being here. Truly appreciate anyone who has reached out to me to talk to me! It makes me feel really special!!

