The Most Desperate Planned Hold

Author: gracie1807

*000*2024-07-23 05:25

So I posted an unplanned holding story a few months ago about the time I had my ‘first’ proper accident. Now as true as it was, it was an accident that I didn’t see coming, and those are harder. That time I didn’t feel my bladder was as full as it has been before, but because I wasn’t intending to hold, that’s why I couldn’t hold it. It’s like in order for a massive capacity hold, you have to be mentally prepared.

This story is about the time where I did my first ‘outside of home’ hold. And this WAS my first genuine bladder-at-capacity accident. The grammar isn’t great as I wrote it quite quickly, but it should be fine. Enjoy!

Thursday nights were darts night and I played for a team for around 15 years (since I was 15). On turning 18, thursdays turned into darts and beer night. The end of most nights would involve heading to pee for the however-many time of the night just before heading home, either by bus, train or taxi.

I had toyed with the idea of doing some kind of journey home hold for some time, and from the Monday of this occasion, I had my hold set for the upcoming darts match. I also worked a black pair of jeans into my vague clothing routine incase of a potential accident.

The evening came and I was mentally prepared. I never really enjoy a full bladder out in public, let alone with friends. So this was a big deal. My intention was to go to the toilet as normal, with a post-seal breaking visit around every half an hour or so. Then towards the end, time my last visit around about the time I bought my last drink. Meaning I should be pretty full once finished.

So, drinks were flowing as normal and just as regular was my visits to pee. As planned, I got my last drink, placed it on the table and went for what would be my final ‘intentional’ pee before getting home. However, my timing had changed slightly.

All of a sudden, i found my self barely a quarter down my pint and needing to pee again. I swear it had only been about 10 mins and I was at the point I would normally go. I had a dilemma. I knew that if I were to go again, knowing my luck, I would not need to pee again on the journey. But I was also left with the possibility of being too full for the journey. I also had to factor in the time it would take for an Uber to arrive. There was nothing for it, I was at like a 8/10 half way through my beer, so I had to take action. I decided to do something I hadn’t done before. I headed to the toilet and only half emptied my bladder.

Coming out of the toilet still needing to pee at around a 5/10 was so weird. But it was action time. I needed to order an uber and finish my beer as I knew the wait would be around 15 mins, and at the rate I was going I would be back at 8/10 very soon. And I was right.

As I finished my beer, my Uber was 5 mins away and I was back at bursting around 8/10. I was chatting away to my dart friends, nervously keeping an eye on my approaching uber. My knee bouncing up and down.

It finally arrived and I got up to leave. As I said bye to my darts team, I was pushed to a 9/10 when I was tortured having to walk back passed the toilets on leaving.

I entered the car and immediately felt the strong pressure of sitting down. Couple that with adding a seat belt. This was now the most I have ever had to pee outside of home, and judging by what I was feeling, I thought it was going to be my first ever adult accident. This was going to be a battle.

As soon as we pulled away, I had to pull the belt off my bladder. My jeans were already pushing in on it, the it was just too much. The journey was only going to take around 12 minutes. But it was going to come down to whether the driver was going to take the route with speed bumps or not, and if I survived that, then getting from the car, into the lift and into my flat.

I knew pretty early that he had taken the speed bump route, and they were to come along very close to home. We were driving along and I seemed to be doing alright althought was absolutely bursting and it was all I could think about.

About halfway through and I was involuntarily shaking. I was sweating and my bladder now throbbing. The whole journey to be honest was a blur, because I was putting so my effort into not letting go. About 4 mins away, I reached 9.5/10 and I knew I probebly only had around 5 mins to go. I contemplated letting go of about 3 seconds worth of pee to make it bearable for the journey from the uber to my flat. But I told my self “this is a challenge and you are to accept the consequences of whatever happends”. I was also worried that letting go of a little would start the floodgates.

We turned the corner onto the road where the speed bumps were. I didn’t have a leak, but I had a sudden wave of panic. I said to myself “holy shit I am actually going to have a full on public accident”. My heart was now pounding as I started looking down to see what position I should be in for minimal damage to the seat. But I then reassured myself, “you can do this!” now staring at the first speed bump in the face as it approached.

“Here we go” i said again to myself. I squeezed with everything I had as the driver went over the bump at a safe speed. Over we went. “Oh shit that was tough, but I’m still dry. Just get to the building. You can pee if needed as soon as you get out of the cab. 2 mins to go, come on”. Over bump 2. “We’re good, you got this”. Over bump 3. “Ok this is fine, we’re used to it now. Just don’t let your guard down”

3 bumps followed. I was now at 10/10. I had about 30 seconds left of the drive and about the same before I was going to burst. My building came into view as I was squeezing harder than ever. “Not here, not in the car. Just get to the building.” My body still shaking, my heart still pounding, my bladder absolutely rock solid and throbbing just as hard as my heart. Pee was now starting to head my urethra as my muscles were beginning to weaken, just as the car was slowing to a stop. I unclipped my seatbelt just before stopping.

“Thankyou bye” I told the driver hastily as I had the door open a split second after stopping. I swung my legs out and as I leant forward to get out the pressure shot a strong gush out my hard cock into my pants. “Shit this is it” thinking it was me losing control. As I stood up, the gush stopped and I chuckled with surprise. I closed the door and began walking towards the building entrance, I was leant over trying my best to keep my pee inside me, but it was still sitting at the edge of my urethra.

“You’ve come this far, get to the toilet!” I said as I got my keys out of my pocket just before the door. I still felt like I had only seconds left. Every inch of my body holding on for dear life. “Please let the lift be on the ground floor” knowing that psychologically if it wasn’t, I’d lose it.

In I walked and joy, it was there waiting for me, door open and all. The building wanted me to do this! I headed in, pressed for the 8th floor and lean’t my back up against the lift wall hunched over. “Not long, literally 20 seconds, get there. Just get there. Do what ever it takes.”

For the first time ever, I had to grab my dick. The pee was on the edge. It was millimeters from exiting the end of my throbbing dick and it was the only way it would stay in whilst I was still.

I nervously watched the floors go by on the screen, but getting more and more grateful the end was in sight. I was on my floor. 25ft, front door and 5 more ft and I was there, with only a minor leak. I was so proud of myself. My hand came off my dick as I left the lift. I was now pretty much on my tip toes, every single muscle holding on. I turned the corner to see my front door a few feet away.

I made it to my door. Gush. Another leak. “No don’t, look how close you are!”. I went to put the key in the door, my hand trembling so much that I barely was able to get it in straight away. I turned the handle and took the key back out. As I pushed the door open I literally dropped my keys, pulled off my jacket and I went to grab my dick again. I literally had 3 steps to the door and another 2 steps to the toilet. The split second before grabbing my dick, the flood gates opened. Pee shot into my pants the hardest it ever has in my life. “Fuck fuck fuck! Not this close”. I stopped, leant up against the wall with my right hand grabbing my dick. I managed to temporarily stop then stream for about 2 seconds. As I inched further towards the toilet, that was it. There was no stopping it. It gushed back into my pants.

“Shower, get to the shower now!”. Knowing that had I tried to get my belt off I’d soak the floor. Fully peeing, I raced into the bathroom and jumped into the shower. Once there I just about managed to get my shoes off before they were submerged in crystal clear pee.

I stood there, peeing solidly for well over a minute. My jeans drenched at every single part I could see. When I finally finished, I dropped to my knees, my muscles exhausted. I had a few minutes knelt down before I was able to get up again and take in what just happened. I decided to take a fully clothed shower, removing only my tshirt.

As I was showering off all the pee in my pants, all of the following thoughts rushed through my head.

“That was my first genuine, full bladdered accident”.

“How didn’t I make it that last few feet?”

“How did I keep control over all those bumps?”

“What on earth would have happened had I not half emptied my bladder”

Needless to say, a hold that will live long in the memory!

