She deserves punishment

Author: Guest

*000*2023-04-08 00:52

I know, I know, another really long post. But if you can fight your social media-decreased attention span, I’m sure you’ll like this story.

The weather was actually nice recently, for once. Me and my wife decided to go out and about after dinner, no where in particular. We stopped for some ice cream after a while, and after that we just kept on driving around. I noticed that she was crossing her legs while sitting in the passenger seat, so I suspected that she hadn’t used the bathroom in a while. My suspicions were proven correct after her hand slowly slipped down into her crotch. I still didn’t say anything. I wanted to see how desperate she would get before she piped up.

After a little bit, she looked at me with that concerned look and asked me to pull over. In typical me fashion, I told her that she would have to wait because I didn’t know where she could discreetly pee. She sighed heavily and grabbed her crotch a little more. I’m sure I could have found a public bathroom or dumpster for her to pee behind, but if you’ve read my posts, you know that both me and my wife love to torture her.

Only 10 minutes went by and she was crossing her legs every few seconds, leaning forward, and rubbing her crotch. That’s when we saw a gas station.

”Babe there’s a gas station right there, pull over!”

“Where, I don’t see it?”

”ITS RIGHT THERE!”

I pretended to not notice until it was too late.

“UUUGGGHH YOU ASSHOLE!”

I couldn’t stop laughing as her face turned bright red.

“CMON, I’m gonna pee myself!”

“You know what the punishment is for peeing in the seat right?”

“It’s not my fault that you won’t pull over!”

“Just hold it in then.”

“I CANT!!!”

This teasing went on for some time.

(BTW, that punishment is a spanking. We love doing this. If she can’t hold it, she gets spanked. At least, when the kids are asleep)

She kept squirming around for a while. Her urge got worse. Her squirming was much harder, and so was, something else.

I finally pulled into a gas station and offered to escort her to the bathroom, but she refused. She was afraid I was going to try something, and to her credit, I do do that a lot. I sat in my car and watched the whole ordeal.

She went up to the bathroom and pulled the handle, but it didn’t budge. She banged on the door and potty danced in front of it. It started off small. She tried to not make a big scene and was trying her best to not use her hands or bend over. Only thing was now she looked like she was running in place. She banged on the door again. This time she couldn’t take it. She doubled over and shoved her hands in her crotch. Her pants fell slightly off her waist, flashing her ass crack to the whole world. She didn’t notice because all her attention was on her bladder. I probably should have told her that gas station bathrooms usually require a key from the employee to unlock, but I held back, wanting to watch the show. She appeared as if she was about to try and pop a squat, but with no privacy, she aborted and potty dance-ran back to the car.

“Oh my god, I have to go so bad! Hurry up and get home!”

“You could just pee your pants.”

”NO!”

It was only a few minutes till we reached home, but for her (in her down words) it felt like hours. When we pulled into the driveway, she snatched the keys from me, so I couldn’t take my time opening the door. But she was so frantic, she kept fumbling with the keys, it probably would have been faster if I went really slow and tease her.

I put my hand on her lower back and immediately noticed how sweaty it was. Not sure if this is a gross detail for some of you, but me personally, imaging a woman being so desperate that the sweat from her back is dripping down into her crack, turns me on instantly.

Her crotch was wet, it was showing from the front and back. She had been leaking for a while. She kept whimpering as she tried to u lock the door, but her balder finally gave up, and she dumped the entire contents of her bladder through her pants and onto the from porch. She practically cried tears of joy. She must have peed for almost a minute. When she finally finished, she got the door unlocked and immediately went straight to our bedroom. Before I did the same, I checked the passenger seat. Small dark spot. Her ass would be red tonight.

When I got in the bedroom, she was stripping down. She lifted up her pants and inspected the damage. Same with her panties.

I undid my belt, letting her hear the jangling of my buckle before sliding it out.

“I saw the puddle.”

She blushed super hard. “I guess it’s too late to negotiate?”

Indeed, it was. She bent over and put her hands on the bed. I gave her a good spanking and, uh, well, let’s just say she didn’t have to move from that position, quite so immediately.

