First time holding and wetting myself

Author: GG320

*000*2023-08-04 16:42

Hey, omo.org. I've been lurking for quite some time now, but today is finally the day I can post something interesting - and it's not some incoherent fiction that I wrote at midnight. Today, I finally wet myself on purpose for the first time.

For context, I am a 19, soon to be 20 year old, and I want to say I discovered my kinks when I was 14-ish, though I'm much more into diapers than "true" omo. In those years, I could never physically partake in my fetish; not only do I live with my parents, I thought that engaging in it would be somehow bad in the long run, so I tried to bury it for a while. Eventually, I simply accepted myself for who I am, kinks and all. It's a long story that doesn't fit in this post, let alone this website. Just imagine what 5+ years of sexual repression (if that is the right term) does to a teenager and you'll get the important bits.

I woke up at around 7 AM, but I stayed in bed until 9 because I just wanted to think about nothing in particular for a while and the covers were comfy. My parents woke me up to say goodbye, as they were taking a trip to another town for the weekend to hang out with their friends. That's when I had the idea to wet my underwear: it was laundry day, I could do it discreetly, all the convenient stuff.

At around 10, I had my breakfast, made my bed, and sat down to start writing this post because I was paranoid that I wouldn't be able to write as much as I wanted to if I didn't start immediately (case in point, I didn't post this until it was 13:40 because I was revising the text too much). Fortunately, the humidity went down lately, so I had an additional incentive to drink lots of water. Unfortunately, my body started signaling me that I was drinking too much by my second cup, so I had to slow down to taking sips whenever my mouth felt dry.

An hour passed, and I was already feeling the need to pee pretty bad, but given that it had been about 13 hours since I last went, it was expected. Every step I took I just felt the pressure of my bladder wanting to release and warmth teasing my urethra while I was sitting down. I was already bouncing my leg to help keep it in while I did my daily Duolingo lesson. By the time I finished, I drank the rest of my water, ran to the bathroom and stripped down to just my underwear, then sat on the toilet.

It was 11:45, and I really wanted to hold it until 12 so the rest of the water I drank would catch up to me, so I took the time to shave myself down there for both hygiene and challenge reasons. By the time I was done (and I took my sweet time), it was 11:50 and I couldn't bear to hold any longer.

I sat there, bladder full, bouncing my leg, in a soon-to-be-wet pair of black boxers. I couldn't really let go naturally, so I just forced spurt after spurt out of me to relieve the pressure off my bladder. The feeling was almost exactly what I was expecting: droplets rolling down my groin, a growing warmth and moisture crawling from my waist down to my glutes, glistening from outside, and the excess falling down to the toilet. I sat in it for a moment, then stood up to take a shower, causing some leakage to hit my floor towel.

And as much as I want to tell you that I climaxed or did some stuff in the shower or stayed in my wet pants for longer... yeah, no. This experience told me what I already knew: that I'm more into diapers than anything. Not that it was completely worthless; I was always concerned that once I finally got to explore my kinks with myself, I wouldn't like it as much, but I enjoyed what I could. Maybe I'll just stick to fiction for now.

