Public transport desperation almost ends in wet disaster

Author: Gemgirl

*000*2019-02-20 21:51

So after reading a thread on here I decided to try a little bit of desperation on public transport and decided to get myself desperate on a bus ride. I started out by going on a quick shopping trip and get a coffee while there. Never stopping to pee while in town. By the mid point of the day I was feeling a little disappointed by my lack of desperation so I decided to buy myself a couple of energy drinks in the middle as well. Soon I was getting rather desperate and decided to head for the bus.

As I waited at the bus stop I suddenly felt my desperation shoot up and was starting to regret the energy drinks. Maybe one would have been enough. 😛

As could be expected of buses it took quite a while to get there and I was feeling the urge to cross my legs and hold myself but it was much to public and I couldn't dare do that. The bus finally arrived and thankfully there was a quiet spot at the back where I would be out of the eyes of the other passengers. As soon as I sat down I started to squirm and kept my legs firmly crossed. This was bad. While I was planning to get a little desperate. I was actually worried I wouldn't make it home and pee myself in public. I was blushing at the thought and I gritted my teeth as I resigned myself to the fact I just had to hold it.

As we moved on I was getting bouncy and while no one was paying attention I could help but feel so awkward bouncing so much in my seat was so embarrassing but not as embarrassing as the alternative. I resigned myself to not being able to make it home and instead planned to stop a little early and use a public toilet not to far from the bus stop.

I pressed the stop button and moved very quickly to the front. Trying not to squirm to much and maintain my dignity was agony and the walk to where the toilet was was no better and I think i did let a little go into my panties while walking. I stayed determined and soon made it only to discover...

SOME FUCKWIT ON THE TOWN COUNCIL HAD DECIDED THESE TOILETS SHOULD ONLY BE OPEN IN THE SUMMER MONTHS.

I was cursing. In agony from having to piss so bad. And in a moment of panic I made for the nearest public park. Another agonising walk and I could feel myself leaking again. I found the nearest bush to hide behind, pulled down my jeans and panties and just let it explode out of me. It took about a minute to all gush out of me and in that time I was nevously jumping and was worried someone would see me as my hiding place wasn't that good and I could see a bit of the path where I would be totally exposed from. Thankfully nobody came and I had a chance to shuffled over, wipe myself off with a tissue and pull my jeans and slightly damp panties back on before making my way home. My face still red all the way.

*003*2019-02-20 22:47

{{2 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

Very brave! I love it. How much further would’ve you had to go if you’d stayed on the bus instead of getting off early? It’s always nice to wonder whether there’s someone on the same bus or train as me in a similar position though!

}}

It would have been only about 2 extra stops but my home is still a long walk from the stop so that's why I got off at the one near the public toilet.

*007*2019-02-22 02:01

{{Just now, Holdit4me said:

Excellent experiment! Thanks for sharing...any plans to repeat the adventure in the future?

}}

I might but I have had a few public holds go wrong and almost end with me wetting myself in public. While it is fun and the risk turns me on I want to be careful.

*011*2019-02-22 14:35

{{1 hour ago, Gemmy said:

Very sexy experiment. Loved reading your account of the results. May have to do my own version of this experiment sometime,

}}

Awesome, I hope to hear how it goes.

*014*2019-02-22 23:41

{{1 minute ago, New_Macca said:

That was very brave and a fantastic effort. I wonder if anyone saw you shuffle to the toilets and find them closed as would look suspicious then going the park if they did they’d know exactly what you where up to 😜

}}

I don't think anyone did. But my mind was to focused on something to bother to check who was around.

*016*2019-02-22 23:45

{{Just now, New_Macca said:

I wonder what may have distracted you 😂😢😂

To be honest im surprised you could focus on keeping watch as the pee gushed from you as the relief must have been mind blowing

}}

It was. 😜

