Tales of Alice #3 - Car Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-02-18 19:47

The last tale of Alice was when she purposely put off using the bathroom at the wedding we went to so she got desperate and then told me she did it because she knew I liked it. Now that she had done it again my initial shyness about asking her about it had lifted. After that day she became pretty open about it and started asking us questions about the things we do and why we enjoy doing them. We were happy to share with her and liked the fact she seemed interested. A few weeks after the wedding she came to me and asked if she could watch when I did a hold/wetting. 

I said that was fine and the following day when we were all at home Matty was controlling my bladder and she came and watched and after he made me hold and I ended up wetting myself she told me that him controlling me was kind of hot and she was starting to see why I enjoyed it and said maybe one day she would like to try being controlled. We told her if she wanted to try it all she had to was say and we would help her out and see if she enjoyed it.

In the weeks that followed I noticed that when she got home from work she always seemed pretty desperate to pee. I put it down to traffic and such but it was every night so I asked her about it. She seemed a bit embarrassed and then admitted to me that she had started skipping peeing on her afternoon break at work because she had seen how much I had enjoyed holding my pee and she was starting to enjoy leaving work needing to pee and not knowing how long it would take to get home and the potential of getting super desperate. Hearing her say that was beginning to enjoy it made me happy and I told her how fun that was. I didn’t do anything more until she felt comfortable with wanting to progress anything further and let her continue her building enjoyment of arriving home desperate. Then one day her enjoyment reached a new level and I knew then she was becoming one of us.

We were going on holiday with our friends and had booked a caravan for the week at a place we have been a few times before because we love the location and it's a lovely place. Its roughly a three hour drive from where we are which isn’t too far. As there were 7 of us going we obviously had to take 2 cars. Matty was going to drive one and my sisters bf was going to drive the other. Alice and I were going with Matty and we would have one of our friends with us and then My sister, her bf and our other friend would go in the other car with the majority of the luggage. We went to our friends house, loaded up everything and got in the cars.

Alice and I sat in the back so we could talk and Matty and his friend could talk in the front. The first hour of the journey went by pretty quick and we made good progress. However as we came to go through one of the main cities en route the traffic got pretty bad. We weren’t at a stand still, we were just caught up in traffic heading either to the shopping centre or to the football. We crawled along for about 20 minutes and finally got through the build up and were on our way again. About 5 minutes later we got a call from the other car saying that they were going to stop at the services to get some drinks and something to eat. We told them we would meet them there and 5 minutes later we pulled into the services and found where they were parked.

We parked up and got out and Matty asked if we were coming in. We both said no and we asked him to bring us drinks. We stood at the side of the car chatting with the others and when they came back they gave us our coffees and we stood for a while drinking them and eating our snacks. When we finished we got back in the car and we set off again. We had been driving for an hour or so when Alice suddenly leaned over and whispered “I really need to pee”. I too had been feeling the effects of the coffee but I was just starting to feel the need to pee. I looked at her and noticed she was squirming slightly and bouncing her legs and I asked how bad she had to go. She told me she was getting really desperate and the coffee wasn’t helping. She asked how much further we had to go and when I told her we had about 30 minutes she squirmed and squeezed her legs. 

I said if she wanted we could stop off somewhere. I knew there was a town coming up and we could go to the supermarket if she needed to. She shook her head and said she was good then leaned in close and whispered “I didn’t pee when we stopped before despite needing to so there is no need to stop”. I looked at her puzzled and just as I was about to ask why she didn’t pee she said “when we stopped before I needed to pee a little and was going to go but then I decided it might be fun to wait and see if I could make it all the way, especially when adding a cup of coffee into the mix”. I felt myself getting turned on with the knowledge she had done this on purpose and then got even more aroused when she continued and said “and not only that, I figured you would enjoy being in the back of the car with me whilst I was dying to pee and unable to”. I just nodded, my mind so aroused that I was unable to form words.

For the next 20 minutes as we drove along I enjoyed watching her squirm and bounce her legs. If that wasn’t sexy enough she kept whispering in my ear how badly she needed to pee and how close she was to wetting her knickers. She suddenly moaned in my ear and told me she had just dribbled a little and was getting dangerously close to having an accident. I told her we were almost there and she told me she hoped so as she was really bursting. Every so often she would moan and tell me that some more had dribbled out and she was struggling to hold it back. 

After a few minutes of this she gasped and when I asked what was wrong she looked at the guys in the front seat and when she saw they weren’t looking she took my hand slid it up her skirt. She pressed my fingers against her knickers and I felt a wet spot on them. When I touched it she told me she had leaked. I moaned as I felt the pee spot on her knickers. Knowing she was starting to wet herself out of utter desperation was making me so horny. She winked at me and said “oh and just so you know, that isn’t all from pee”. That just made it so much hotter, she was as turned on as I was and that was just wonderful.

She kept moaning each time she leaked and as we pulled onto the road that leads down to the little village where we were staying she grabbed my arm and said she was spurting into her knickers and didn’t know how much longer she could wait. She was now holding herself under her skirt and squirming like crazy. We reached the village and drove past the caravan park as we were too early to check in but we planned it that way intending to spend a couple of hours in the village getting some lunch and having a look round. Giving those who hadn’t been before the grand tour. As we pulled into the car park we rang the others to tell them where we were.

As we parked up I pointed out a building nearby the entrance to the car park and told Alice that they were the public toilets. She shook her head and said “no way, I’m about to burst right now”. As soon as the car stopped she pushed me to get out as we had put luggage on the other side of her. I quickly opened the door and got out and she jumped out after me, squatted down and before she even had to chance to lift up her skirt all the way she released a torrent of pee through her knickers and all over the floor. She let out a huge sigh of relief as she emptied her bladder and it just kept coming and coming. No wonder she had been bursting.

Eventually her stream died down and she moaned out that it had felt so good. She stood up and wiped off her legs where drops of pee had ran down when she started peeing. She giggled when she saw the three of us just staring at her and said “what? I really had to go”. She went over to the bathroom and I went with her. We went inside and she lifted up her skirt and showed me her soaking wet knickers. They looked so sexy and I could just how wet my own knickers were from my arousal. She grabbed some tissue and wiped herself down and then headed back outside. I went and pee’d and whilst I was there I had to relieve myself. I brought myself to a wonderful trembling orgasm thinking about what had just happened. I cleaned myself up and went back outside to where everyone was and I told Alice what I had just done and she said “mmmmm, how nice, I will have to do the same later on”.

We went and got some lunch and then went and checked into our caravan and unpacked and whilst we were sat chilling out I couldn’t help but think about how she had deliberately made herself desperate and got herself so close an accident. Not simply because she knew I enjoyed it like she had done before. This time she had done because she had grown to enjoy it. I asked her about how if had felt and she told me she now understood why I liked it so much. The feeling of almost losing control was nice but that moment when you release the pressure and finally pee felt so wonderful. She told me she had never been that desperate before and was falling in love with how it felt. I was happy that I had awakened her love for omorashi and I now had someone else to enjoy it with. I just didn’t know just how much that would be true.

To be continued.

*004*2017-02-27 11:08

{{On 23/02/2017 at 11:02 PM, Midd said:

Good to see our flock is growing! Keep up the work Gemma! I have always loved your stories from since I first found this site!

}}

Thanks, glad to know you enjoy them so much

