Lucid Omo Dreams

Author: goldenink

*000*2025-08-13 02:41

It isn't often I have lucid omo dreams, much less involuntary ones. But they're often my only outlet to do omo related stuff, so when I become lucid in a dream, I'll almost immediately turn it omo. Since they're so rare, I have to enjoy them while I can, especially since I usually get too excited and wake up right when I get to the good part. But last night was different!

My dream started out normal with me approaching this building that looked like a parking garage, but something was off about it and I got the vibe that I was dreaming so I turned it into a Panera. Once I realized I was, in fact, lucid dreaming, I had to head in there for a while to reorient myself and calm down so I could enjoy the journey ahead (I already started to see the signs of me losing the dream [the colors and environment fading/feeling more fuzzy]).

Once I regained control, that was where the real fun began. I did my usual routine of thinking of where I wanted to go, and opening up a portal and jumping through to get there. I arrived on a deserted beach and had to quickly reorient myself so I didn't lose it, then I gave myself a full bladder, squatted on the sand, facing the sea, and immediately started pissing knowing I had no time to waste (this is usually the part where I wake up).

But this time, I was able to stay in the dream as I drained my bladder. It felt insanely good going on the beach like that and hearing my piss flood down onto the sand. When I was done, I didn't know what to do since I'd never gotten that far so I tried to refill my bladder but...woke up before I could. Not from overexcitement; from my alarm clock!

Anyways, that's my lucid omo dream story. Has anyone else done this? Would you mind sharing with me if you have? <3

*004*2025-09-18 03:45

{{4 hours ago, trekkie said:

How do you control your dreams? Sometimes I know I’m dreaming but I can’t ever change the rules. Sometimes I can wake myself up when a dream gets too scary if I know it’s a dream, though.

}}

It just takes practice and getting yourself in the mindset that when you're in a dream, you can do literally anything, zero limits. Something that worked for me was around the time I had my lucid omo dream, I was consuming a lot of lucid dream tutorials and stories on YouTube. I wasn't even fully paying attention, just had them on in the background. Just having the topic of lucid dreams in the back of my mind throughout the day sort of helped me better recognize when I was dreaming and I was able to improvise from there.

Going in with a plan also helps, since anything you can think of in the moment, you can do. But again, it takes practice if it doesn't come intuitively to you so I would start by setting small goals like making an object appear or flying (though my own flying is still inconsistent I think it's a good place to start).

I would also recommend keeping a dream journal. I like mine because it reminds me just how crazy my non-lucid dreams can get, and if you start writing down your own, it might make you think: "if my sleeping brain can come up with this, surely I can do xyz."

I know this response was all over the place but there's so much good advice I've picked up from those tutorials I mentioned earlier. If you're really interested, I would recommend checking some of those out too (and I promise lucid dreaming isn't as hard as they make it sound).

Sweet dreams <3.

