Full bladder leaking during a horror movie

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2021-03-14 20:51

A quick experience... I was watching a movie at home and drinking a lot of tea. Pretty soon I had to go, but I wanted to wait and keep watching. At first I tried to ignore it, but after a few minutes I started needing to bounce my legs and squirm a little, grabbing myself occasionally. The movie was getting tense and it was hard to focus on holding it. I crossed my legs and squirmed around even more.

It didn't take long before I got desperate, I wasn't sure if I could keep it in much longer. I squeezed my thigh with one hand and slid the other up my skirt, pressing hard on the front of my panties. My bladder was full and begging for release, I could barely hold it. One minute I'd be sitting and grinding against my hand, and the next I'd be standing up frantically marching and dancing. It was hard to pay attention, but I tried to keep watching. It was a suspenseful part, and it was taking so long... I was bursting, rubbing my clit through my panties, doing everything I could to hang on.

Suddenly there was a jumpscare, and when I jolted at it I leaked a little. I desperately rubbed myself and managed to keep my panties from getting any wetter, but I was about to go. I had to pee so bad that I was frozen in place, just holding my pussy as tight as I could and shaking all over, seconds from losing it.

Then there was another jumpscare, and I couldn't take it anymore. A jet of pee hit my fingers, and I gasped as I started fully wetting my panties. My crotch got soaked instantly, I could feel my pee rushing out through the warm fabric. I tried my best to get it under control, but I kept pissing myself for a couple more seconds before I managed to stop.

I ran to the bathroom immediately, both hands on my pussy and pee still leaking down my legs. As soon as I got there I started to let go on the floor. A little bit spattered onto the tile as I raced across the room and sat down, I didn't pull my panties down, I was already peeing. It flooded out instantly in a hissing stream, and the warmth spread across my pussy as I emptied my bursting bladder. The relief felt so good, I had to keep rubbing my clit while I peed myself

My panties were black and didn't show any wetness, so I didn't take pics, but they got really wet and so did my legs

*007*2021-03-20 21:05

{{On 3/14/2021 at 2:45 PM, FlowingBrook said:

What movie was it?

}}

The Conjuring 2

{{On 3/14/2021 at 3:33 PM, Kauen-Stadt said:

I don't mean to intrude on your personal life or anything, but why do you wear panties under your skirt when (I assume) you don't live with anyone else? There's no real reason to keep the private part cut off from air when there's no one else around to see you. Again I'm not trying to get personal, just trying to liberate you haha.

Hot story anyway

}}

I actually really like wearing panties, just personal preference. It's definitely fun to leave them off sometimes, but a lot of the time I wear them even if I don't need to. Plus, if I'm in a skirt with no panties it makes it super hard to hold it haha.

