Anecdotes of my Mum

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-02-18 22:34

I just wrote a story about car journey desperation and it reminded me of a similar incident with my mum. I have a few tales about my mum being desperate and having accidents and I keep meaning to post them. Now I am thinking about that time I will start this thread and hopefully get around to updating it.

So this story happened when I was 12. We had been invited to go and stay with some family in Scotland for New Years and we decided to go up and spend a week there and enjoy a little holiday and spend some time with family as we don’t get to see them that often. We enjoyed Christmas and then the day after boxing day we went up. Our Uncle was going too and said we could get a lift with him so on that morning we got up and got ready. Our mum told us not to have any breakfast as Uncle Alan had said he would take us out for some breakfast. He came and picked us up and we went to the local carvery pub where they do a breakfast buffet and it's all you can eat.

We enjoyed a nice big breakfast to set us up for the day and then we got back in the car and set off. The drive up there usually takes about 5-6 hours depending on traffic and is straight forward, just get on one motorway, come off onto another motorway and drive for ages and then come off onto another motorway. As we drove along Casey and I chatted and messed about in the back seat whilst my mum and Alan talked up front. We weren’t paying attention to where we were and before we knew it 3 hours had passed.

We pulled into a services so we could get out and stretch our legs and get drinks and use the facilities if we needed to. We went inside and Casey and I looked around the shop whilst they went and used the bathroom. Afterwards we bought some drinks and went back to the car. My mum and Alan had both got a cup of tea and sat and drank them before we set back off again. About an hour later we were in Scotland and as we drove along I was just in awe of the beautiful scenery. We continued on the motorway for about 20 minutes before coming off and driving on the A roads. My attention was caught by my mum asking if there was anywhere soon we could stop. Alan asked if she was alright and she said she was fine, she could just really do with a pee. We were pretty much surrounded by fields and hills so there was nothing immediately available but he said he would keep an eye out.

As time passed I noticed she was shifting in her seat and after 15 minutes she moaned and said “I hope we come across something soon, I’m busting”. Alan laughed and mentioned the cup of tea at the services. She laughed and said “yeah, not to mention those two cups of coffee earlier”. I suddenly remembered that she had had two cups of coffee and some juice at breakfast. Which was surprising as usually when we go on long journeys in the car she usually refrained from drinking a lot, especially tea and coffee.

Another 10 minutes or so passed and she was really squirming and making desperate noises. Suddenly Alan said “oh there was a sign there for a garden centre”. My mum looked round and said “can we stop off please, I am dying for a wee”. We drove on for five more minutes and it came into view. As we pulled into the car park she checked to see if it was open. When she saw it was she sighed in relief and then said “oh god I hope they have a public bathroom”. When we parked up we all got out and headed inside. Casey and I wandered ahead looking for the bathroom and we found the sign that pointed them out. We shouted to our mum and she came hurrying down towards me. As I stood waiting for her Casey had wandered off. My mum reached me and I pointed out the sign.

We walked down the aisle to the back of the store and went through a door marked toilet. Beyond it were two doors, one for ladies and one for men. She dashed towards the ladies and when she pushed the door she found it locked. She moaned that maybe you had to get a key or something from the counter but when Alan tried the men's door it was open. I then told her it might be Casey in there and when she knocked on the door Casey answered. My mum told her to be quick and started pee dancing on the spot. Alan told her to use the men’s but she wouldn’t so he went in instead. She started pacing on the spot and holding herself. After only 30 seconds she knocked again and said “oooo hurry up Casey, I’m nearly wetting myself”.

She resumed pacing and bobbing and then there was a sound of a toilet flushing. She looked round in anticipation only to find Alan coming out of the men’s room. She looked between the two doors hesitantly then said “oh god its no good, I can’t wait”. She dashed into the men’s room and quickly shut the door. Casey came out not long after and asked where mum was. Alan pointed to the men’s room and we stood waiting for her. She seemed to be a while and when she came out she smiled and said how better she felt. I didn’t think anything at the time but I now do wonder whether she was a while because she didn’t quite make it and had a little accident. Either way I still enjoyed watching her dance and squirm.

*001*2017-02-21 11:04

There is a thread on the forum about omorashi repeat offenders and my mum was definitely one of them. Looking back I find it funny how every single week she played out the exact same routine. As a kid I found it fun and enjoyed her weekly desperation, this was before I realised omorashi was a sexual thing.

When we were kids we would always go to our local social club on a Friday Night. After my Dad got home from work we would have dinner and then go round for a few hours. We enjoyed it as there were a lot of other kids there and we either played with them out in the big garden or sat in the TV room watching TV and playing with the board games and toys that were there. We would usually stay there till about 9 o'clock as that is when children had to leave. This is when my mums weekly routine would start.

She would come and find us and tell us we were leaving soon so we would go back to our table with her. She would then go and tell my dad we were leaving and go to the bathroom on the way back to us. When she came out of the bathroom she would finish her drink and then put her coat on and the three of us would go and stand in the entrance and wait for my dad. We would usually wait a few minutes as he finished his drink or finished his conversation and eventually when he came out we set off walking home. We lived 5 minutes round the corner but it usually took a bit longer with my mum and dad being a bit tipsy and dawdling along.

Casey and I would walk ahead of them and would end up standing on the doorstep waiting for them. When they got there my mum would always be pee dancing and telling my dad to hurry up and open the door. She always filled up whilst walking home. In these moments one of two things would happen. She would either stand dancing on the spot and the moment my dad opened the door she would run inside, kick off her shoes and run upstairs to the bathroom. The other half of the time she would be stood on the doorstep holding herself and squeezing her legs and would suddenly say "oh god I won't make it" and would go down the side of the house and squat between the cars. I always loved the fact that she was that desperate that she wouldn't have made it upstairs and had to pee outside.

Whichever happened the next part was always the same and it was always strange to me that she never realised this or did anything different. After my mum had pee'd she would go and remove what little make up she had put on whilst Casey and I went and got changed and ready for bed. When my mum was done in the bathroom she would go and put her pyjamas on and come downstairs. By this point it would usually be about half past 9 and there was a show on TV that we watched every week so she would go and make herself and my dad a cup of tea and Casey and I would have hot chocolate and some supper. We would sit and watch the show and once my dad had finished his cup of tea and his supper he would go upstairs for a shower.

After the show had finished my mum would send us to bed and in the time of watching the show her bladder would have refilled and she would follow us upstairs and would find my dad in the shower and knock on the door and tell him to hurry up because she needed a wee. We were allowed some time to watch TV or read if we wanted so we would either go into my room or into Casey's room and do so. We would watch as she kept going into her bedroom then coming back a few minutes later and squirming at the bathroom door. 

We loved hearing her shout to my dad to hurry up and telling him that she was almost wetting herself and was almost making a puddle. Most of the time my dad would finish in the shower and come out of the bathroom and my mum would dash in and we would hear a loud sigh of relief. However on some occasions she would be practically wetting herself and would dash downstairs which we knew she was peeing in the mop bucket downstairs because she just couldn't wait anymore. At the time we just enjoyed the fact she was desperate. Looking back now it is such a turn on knowing she was that close to an accident.

*004*2017-02-27 15:15

7000th Post, Woop Woop *does a mini celebration dance* .

This story happened when I was 16 and is one of the few times I have seen my mum have a full blown accident. I have seen her make wet spots and have just made it moments plenty of times but have only witnessed her completely losing it on a few occasions. This time it was after my Uncle's birthday party. Every year for his birthday he has an open house for family and friends to come and enjoy food, drink and general merriment. As my mum and my uncle get on so well and its a good time to catch up with family we usually end up staying most of the afternoon/evening.

About half past 9 a lot of people had been and gone and my mum told us we were heading home once she had finished her drink. As we were sat outside we went inside,s aid our goodbyes and came back outside. After a few minutes she finished her drink, said her goodbyes and we set off. We live across town but had decided as it was a lovely evening we would walk home. We walked down onto the main road and headed towards the town centre.

After about 10 minutes we were coming into the town centre and as we stopped at the crossing waiting for the traffic lights to turn red I noticed my mum was dancing on the spot. I wondered if she had to pee, she hadn't been before we left and I wasn't sure how long it had been before that when she had last gone to the bathroom. However she was also singing so I put the dancing down to her just being happy and tipsy. We crossed over and continued walking and soon we were on the other side of town.

As we walked up the hill we passed the park and my mum stopped and looked over. We asked if she was okay and she nodded and said "yeah, was just thinking about something". She stood for a moment before setting off again. We had a choice of three hills as the next part of our journey, each pretty steep. We passed the first road and opted to go up the second one. By the time we got to the top we stopped for a moment to get our breath and my mum could not stand still. She kept shifting from foot to foot and leaning forward. She noticed me looking at her and she said "I really need a wee".

We stood for a moment and then continued walking. Now I knew she needed to pee her subtle little movements were noticeable and I found them so hot. Especially with what she was wearing. She had a red blouse on and really tight black leggings which showed off her superb figure, not to mention the outline of her panties were clearly visible. At this point in my life I had accepted that my mum was sexy and had stopped being freaked out by the fact she sometimes turned me on. As we walked along all I could do was stare at her ass wiggling in front of me and wondering just how badly she needed to pee. We reached the top of the hill and the little row of shops and she told us to wait for a moment. She leaned on the railing and looked around. The convenience store was open and there were a few people milling about.

After looking around she sighed and said "I knew I should have gone and pee'd at the park". We looked at her puzzled and she whispered "When we were passing the park I was really desperate for a wee and considered squatting in a bush but there were kids in the park". She looked around again and said "now I am bursting and was hoping to squat somewhere here but there are too many people". She bobbed on the spot as if to emphasise what she was saying. We were only a few minutes from our house and she said "I feel a bit better now we have stopped, lets get home quick so I can pee".

We set off walking again and knowing she was bursting and considering squatting somewhere was such a turn on. As we walked along she kept stopping and crossing her legs. This went on a for a couple of minutes and then her hand started holding between her legs and she moaned how badly she needed to pee. We got to the end of our road and she suddenly stopped and gasped. She started giggling and said "oh god I've just wet myself a little". I looked and found a wet patch on her crotch. She walked a few more steps and then stopped again. When she gasped the wet patch got a little bigger. She moved over and grabbed her leggings. She started pulling them down and then stopped. She told us she was scared someone would see and after pulling them back up she set off at a quick pace towards our house. About halfway there she stopped and a trail of pee ran down the back of her leggings.

She grabbed herself and crossed her legs tight to stop the flood. She told us she was wetting herself and managed to stop it. We continued and about 10 steps from our front gate she leaned on the street light and and before any of us could say anything a loud splashing noise filled the air. I walked to the side of her as she squatted slightly and watched a stream of pee gushing out of her leggings. I stood there transfixed watching her completely pee herself. After about 25 seconds the stream stopped and she stood up. We walked to our house and when we got to the front door she stood dancing and squirming and had obviously managed to stop the flow but hadn't fully emptied. She looked in her bag for her keys and when she pulled them out she put them in the door. Before she could turn them she suddenly jumped off the stop and stood next to the car. She started peeing again and this time she just stood there allowing it to happen.

She sighed in relief as she flooded her leggings and made a huge puddle in the driveway. When she finished she just laughed and followed us inside. When I turned the light on we could see how soaked her leggings were and it turned me on seeing just how much she had peed. She walked to the kitchen and peeled off her leggings and threw them into the washing machine. She turned back around and I was treated to a lovely view of her soaked blue panties before she pulled them off too and threw them in with her leggings.

She wiped down her legs with a towel that was ready to wash and then pulled out some pyjama's from the clean pile and put them on. She told us she was going to shower and would then make us some supper so if we needed the bathroom go now. Casey and I went upstairs and used the bathroom and then after getting changed we went and had supper with mum. Afterwards Casey and I went upstairs and we talked about what had happened and when I went to bed I enjoyed the thought of my mum wetting herself and I am pretty sure Casey did too.

*010*2017-03-30 12:00

Another time my mum would end up desperate to pee is when she was on the phone with my Aunt Jane. They would see each other all the time yet on days where they didn't see each other one of them would call the other and they would be on the phone forever which I would always joke about as surely they couldn't have that much gossip from just one day of being apart. The advantage of these long phone calls is quite often my mum would be squirming and wiggling with desperation and when she finally hung up she would dash to the bathroom. Most of these times she just got desperate and then went and pee'd. However there were a few times this happened and it was so much more fun.

One time that sticks in my memory for all the right reasons happened one day during the summer. Down the road from where we lived was a playground and behind it were the playing fields of the primary school. It was always a fun place to go, especially in the summer holidays as there were always other kids from the neighbourhood and people from school there and a lot of our summer evenings were spent hanging out there, listening to music and generally goofing around. One evening Casey and I were there with a few people and we had been there since the middle of the afternoon.

We decided to head up home and get something to eat and drink and then would perhaps come back afterwards depending who was there. We walked home and when we got there I went and used the bathroom and came back downstairs. My mum was in the living room and I heard she was on the phone. When I went into the kitchen Casey was dishing out some of the pasta and salad that our mum had made and we sat at the table to eat it. As we sat there we could hear our mum talking to Aunt Jane and we laughed and joked wondering how long they had been talking for.

As we were eating Casey got a text saying that most of the guys down at the park had gone home so not to bother coming back down. When we finished eating I decided that as we were not going back out I would go and get changed into my pyjamas so I was more comfortable. I went and changed and Casey said she would do the same. As I headed back downstairs she shouted to me that she was going to get a quick shower to cool off and wouldn't be long. I went downstairs and when I went into the living room my mum was no longer sat on the sofa where she had been before.

I turned round and found why. She was standing next to the side table where the phone was kept dancing from foot to foot and holding herself between her legs. I just stood staring at her awesome pee dance and realised she had once again found herself bursting and stuck on the phone. My enjoyment was helped by her attire. As it was warm out she was wearing a white tank top and tight light blue denim three quarter pants. I sat on the couch and couldn't help watch her sexy dancing and squirming.

I watched for a minute or two and then she turned the conversation with Jane to ending it. She told Jane that Casey and I were home and had to go. She wrapped up the conversation and said her goodbyes and then just as it seemed it was over Jane obviously said something and kept the conversation going. My mum crossed her legs tight and suddenly she moved her hand away from between her legs and a small trickle ran down her leg making her jeans wet. I stared at the wet patch and the knowledge she was actually bursting and starting to lose control was so hot. She quickly concluded what Jane was saying and then said "I don't want to seem rude Jane but I really do need to go....like literally, for the past 15 minutes I have been bursting for a wee and I am now wetting myself so I have to say goodbye". She laughed and then said goodbye and said that she would see Jane tomorrow and then hung up the phone.

She looked at me and said "hey babe, you okay, be right back, I'm absolutely dying for a wee". She dashed towards the door and I remembered what Casey had said. I told her that Casey might be in the shower and she moaned and said "oh god she better not be, I'm about to wee myself". She ran upstairs and I heard her knock on the bathroom door and tell Casey to hurry up. I made an excuse to go to my room to get something and when I went upstairs I found my mum standing outside the bathroom doing an amazing pee dance. I went to my room and when I came back out she asked how our day had been. I told her what we had done and all the while she gasped and moaned and held her crotch tight. The small trickle down her leg suddenly got bigger and soaked her jeans. She knocked on the door again and told Casey she was desperate and as she did Casey came out in a towel obviously having hurried up and moved out of the way.

My mum rushed into the bathroom and stood undoing her belt and hopping from foot to foot gasping as she tried to hold on just a tiny bit longer. She got her belt undone and pulled the zipper down. She quickly pulled her jeans and panties down and immediately started peeing. She sat down on the toilet and sighed in relief as a torrent of pee gushed into the toilet. The look of pleasure on her face as she released all that pent up liquid was amazing and when she finished peeing she kicked off her jeans and panties and pulled off her top and the sight of her naked body drove me crazy.

She said she was going to grab a shower and would be back downstairs soon. I went downstairs whilst Casey went and got dressed and I sat there replaying the scene I had just witnessed. When she came downstairs after her shower we just chilled out and watched TV but as I sat there I couldn't help but wonder if (like us) she enjoyed the feeling of being desperate to pee. I have never asked her but the more I think about it the more I think she actually might.

