My most desperate time ever

Author: Guest

*000*2024-01-23 03:57

Hey everyone, so I thought I would share a story of a time I was truly desperate, this is a true story.

I was meeting up with a guy I had been talking to who was into piss play. He was a really hot guy, big, hairy, and uncut. He had a massive bladder and could pee for what seemed like whole minutes. We lived about an hour apart, and every time we met up he would make sure he was full to the brim when I got there. Sometimes I would purposely take a longer route so he would be extra desperate. He was always the dominate one when it came to piss play, never really interested in having me do anything to him, but this time he told me to be just as full as he was, he didn’t want to commit to anything, but wanted me full Incase he was feeling more adventurous. By the time I reached his house, I had drank several liters of water and was feeling full, very full. 

He was also full, squirming full. We had some fun, but he decided he didn’t want to try being on the receiving end of my bloated bladder, I was too shy to tell him I needed to piss before I left, which in hindsight is ridiculous considering what we had just done. So I thought I would just hold it until I got home, or maybe even a rest stop on the way. That was a big mistake, I underestimated how full my bladder was, and how much more fluid was being pumped into it. I was in the car for about 10 minutes before I realized just how desperate the situation was. 

I was driving through a wooded area, looking for a place to pull off, while holding myself with one hand. Then I felt it, the internal throbbing of my bladder muscles getting ready to contract and involuntarily force out the ocean of pee I was desperately holding onto. I stopped the car in the side of the road, jumped out and ran into the woods, not caring if anyone drove by and saw me, and with literally less than a second to spare, released an absolute torrent of piss. I had never in my life been so desperate, and i don’t think I’ve ever pissed so much at once.

