Christmas Shopping at Target. If those girls only knew...

Author: Guest jwconroy

*000*2021-12-23 19:53

Hi All,

Long time reader, first time poster. I've been into omorashi since long before I ever heard the term, thinking for much of my childhood and teenage years that I was completely alone in this. Obviously and thankfully not! I love to wet my pants but I can't always do it, due to being married to someone who isn't into it whatsoever. (Tried to bring her in once, and it did NOT go well. Never went there again.) Anyway, here's what I've been up to lately.

It's Christmas time here in Texas, and shopping is in full swing. A few days ago I went to the next town over and popped into a Target. I had just come from lunch, and it had been a while since I'd been to the bathroom. Maybe it was the fact that the women there were mostly in their 20s and 30s and were dressed in such a way as to say "I just threw this on," when you know they spent 45 minutes getting ready to go out. Maybe it was just the beer I'd just drank. Either way, my mind wandered to that oh-so-familiar realm we all know so well.

I knew my wife was home and I didn't have a change of clothes, so I quickly made my way to the pharmacy and bought some Depends pull-ups. I checked out with a cute cashier and dropped off the pack in the car, taking one diaper and sticking it in my pocket. (Side note: Ladies, I don't know how you do it. I'm so glad I don't have to deal with the same pocket sizes y'all have.) I went into the bathroom and put one on, exiting with a twinkle in my eye worthy of Kris Kringle himself.

I proceeded to walk around the store and work on my Christmas list. Any time I saw an attractive woman down an aisle, I'd take a slight detour and perhaps pick up a coffee mug or a candle as I began to "go" right in my pants. The warmth was amazing, and the feeling of taboo quickened my pulse. Each time I let the diaper soak everything up before moving on to another section and doing it all over again. It was wonderful. If only those ladies knew...

And then I felt it.

Right around back, something was wet; a little TOO wet. Sure enough, I was leaking.

I made my way to the pharmacy, where an extra cute 20-something was behind the counter. I purchased some wipes from her, then went right to the single stall bathroom in that section to clean up. I don't think she noticed my state, but I suppose if she did the math she could have put 2 and 2 together. I didn't make a thing of it. Wouldn't be right.

After cleaning up I began the drive home, taking care to make sure my wife wasn't there. After all, I'd been buying Christmas presents--I didn't want to spoil the surprise! I changed and went on with my day. A day later I had another excursion, this time at a HomeGoods with a similar clientele. I was careful not to leak; that is, until I decided to sit down in the men's room with just the diaper on and completely soak it until it was overflowing. I don't always go for diapers, but there are times when they're truly the best option.

Anyway, it's good to finally post here and start to become part of the community.

Cheers, and Happy Holidays!

- Jim

