Exciting holding experience with unexpected ending

Author: Guest lovebeingwet

*000*2019-12-06 23:25

I have been looking forward to this weekend because I have the house to myself on Saturday and I woke up this morning thinking just get thru today and I'm off all weekend and can have fun. Getting dressed I debated about putting a diaper on to wear to work but decided against it. Now I am glad I did!

Today was another work day as usual. I peed right before lunch at noon and went on with my day as usual. Around 3 pm I started feeling the urge to pee again. I debated for a few minutes and decided it's close enough to when I get off I am going to hold it and have some fun running my errands after work. I decided to make one additional stop to purchase some more diapers because I only had one left at home and I wanted to put it on to run my errands but that turned into 2 stops because the first store didnt have any in stock. By now I have passed countless "normal & boring bathrooms" but enjoying every second of my desperation so I continued to run my errands for the last 2 hrs. By the 4th stop which was the second time stopping to attempt to purchase diapers I was extremely desperate and thought about giving in but this stop was a success. I had diapers in hand.

I quickly rushed home got out of the car with my arms full came inside stripped and put a diaper on. I rubbed the outside of it a little just to feel myself then let the flood gates open and boy did they open! It felt so good feeling the 6 hours worth of warmth spread thru my crotch and around my butt. Then surprise! The diaper I was going to put on this morning begins to leak! I felt my warm pee start trickling around the diaper between my legs and flow down my leg hair. The feeling was amazing! I paused for a brief moment then decided I'm going all in then let all the rest flow freely how it wanted.

I am now sitting in a diaper that is completely 100% soaked and even getting a few more squirts out now and then just enjoying the wet feeling squish around my crotch and butt trying to soak it all in before my roommate gets home.

I have decided that tomorrow I am going to wet myself all day and not go pee in a toilet once while I am alone. If anyone has any suggestions or fun places I should go tomorrow let me know. I plan on tomorrow being one big long wet day.

Happy wetting!

