Double Pit Stop

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-03-03 21:06

Sunday is Mother’s day so this morning I decided to head out to go and get something for my Mum. Initially I was just going to go into town but Matty said he had seen something he wanted for his mum so I said I would pick one up and decided the best place to find one would be to go to the shopping centre, which turned out to be the right idea as it started raining and going to the shopping centre would mean I would be inside. When Alice woke up she said she would come with me as she wanted something for her mum so after she got showered and dressed we set off. We drove down into our town centre and called in greggs to get some breakfast and then we headed out to the motorway. It took us about 40 minutes to get there and after we parked we headed inside. We parked in the central car park like we usually do so that we can make a full circle of the centre taking in all the shops. When we got inside we headed off to the left and began looking around the shops.

We wandered around looking for gifts and also looking at things for ourselves. By the time we got back to the centre two hours had passes and we decided to go upstairs to the food court and grab some lunch. We got our food and went and found a seat and sat eating whilst watching the shoppers going by on the floor below. With it been a weekday it wasn’t overly busy so we weren't surrounded by crowds and therefore didn’t feel rushed or wanted to eat quickly and get out like we sometimes do if we come at the weekend, especially when the food court is full of kids. Because of this we sat relaxing and chatting for almost an hour before we put our stuff in the bin and headed down the right hand side of the shopping centre. We got lost in the fun of shopping and by the time we got back to the central area another 2 and half hours had passed.

We looked in our bags of shopping and decided that we didn’t need anything else and headed towards the escalators up to the car parks. Before we got on them we went into a newsagents and got a drink each and got some chocolates for the ride home. We came out and went up the escalators and as we were walking towards the exit I noticed the toilets off to the side and I noticed that I needed to pee. It wasn’t a bad need but I definitely felt my bladder was quite full and I thought about using them but I decided to hold it till I got home and then have some fun. We walked out and got in my car and headed off home.

There was a bit of traffic on the way towards the motorway and that coupled with the string of traffic lights and roundabouts meant it took us 15 minutes to get to the slip road onto the motorway. We picked up speed and I realised there was a lot of traffic around but when I looked at the time I realised it was starting to get towards rush hour. We cruised along singing along to my iPod and after about 15 minutes the traffic got heavier and we started slowing down until we came to a crawling pace. I checked for any news updates to see if there had been an accident or something up ahead but I found nothing and then a few minutes later we passed under a digital matrix explaining there were roadworks a couple of junctions ahead and the motorway was reduced down to 2 lanes. We weren’t bothered about the delay as we were having fun singing and being stupid and we knew once we came out of the other side we would be back up to speed again.

As we moved along more traffic joined the motorway making it worse and after 20 minutes we were nearing the start of the roadworks. We could see the care merging up ahead and Alice suddenly said “oh good we are almost there, thank god….”. I looked round at her and before I could say anything she said “....because I’m getting really desperate for a wee”. I giggled and she stuck her tongue out at me. I asked her how bad and she said she was around a 6 and was getting pretty desperate. I thought about it and wasn’t surprised. Since we had left home she had had a cup of coffee from Greggs, a big cup of fanta with lunch and had finished the bottle of oasis she had got in the shop, not to mention the cup of tea she had before we left home. As I thought about everything she had drank I realised I was getting desperate too and realised I had had the same.

We crawled along for a few minutes and she suddenly started squirming in her seat and as we were directed into the merged lane and picked up some speed she put her hand between her legs and began rocking back and forth. I looked at her and asked if she was okay. She laughed and said “yeah im fine, just busting for a wee and have a quickly filling bladder”. My eyes widened and I squirmed slightly as I was the same. By the time we came out of the other end of the roadworks and back onto open motorway I picked up speed and we had about 15 minutes until we reached our junction. As we drove along my bladder continued to fill but as I was driving I was unable to do much apart from squirm slightly, plus I was enjoying trying to hide my need from Alice who was now squirming and wiggling like crazy in the passenger seat.

She suddenly reached around under the seat and pulled out a towel which we keep in the car as we do a lot of walking and we keep it in case it rains and we end up getting wet...plus it comes in handy for unplanned omorashi moments such as today. She lifted herself up and placed the towel under her and when she sat back down she caught me looking at her and she moaned and said “I’m almost wetting myself and I don’t want to leak on the seat”. Knowing she was at that stage turned me on greatly but also made my own need seem to intensify. She spent the next five minutes moaning and squirming and holding herself when suddenly she gasped. I looked at her then down and she said she had started dripping into her knickers. I was getting close to doing the same but I didn’t let on.

She continued to drip into her knickers, each time she let out a gasp and kept telling me how damp her knickers were getting when suddenly she let out a loud moan and I looked down and my eyes widened when I saw a wet patch on the front of her jeans where she had just leaked. As we continued driving along she kept leaking and the patch kept getting bigger and we drove past a sign and she said “oh god please can you stop at the services, I am so close to wetting myself and I don’t want to do it in the car. I teased her for a minute as to whether I would stop and her begs of desperation were so sexy. When the turn off for the services came up I pulled off and as we drove up into the car park her wiggling got more intense.

I drove around the outer road and swung around into a parking space. When the car stopped she opened the door and jumped out and I expected her to go running across the car park to the main building. However she stood at the side of the car with her hand jammed into her crotch pee dancing on the spot. Before I could ask her if she was going to pee inside the the wet patch on her crotch got bigger and bigger as she started spurting and then suddenly she moaned out and her light coloured jeans went dark from top to bottom as her bladder exploded and completely flooded them. I could only sit and watch as she stood there moaning, completely soaking her jeans and making a huge puddle all over the floor. She seemed to go forever and when she stopped she let out a loud sigh of relief.

She stood there for a couple of minutes letting her jeans drip on the floor before she took off her shoes and threw them in the back seat and then sat back in the front seat on the towel. She looked at me staring and smiled and said “that felt so good”. I giggled and nodded and we drove off. Once we got back on the motorway I was suddenly brought back to my own desperate need. I had been distracted watching Alice but now I was focused again I was absolutely busting. I squirmed and told her that watching her soak herself had made me really have to pee.

She laughed and began teasing me with her wet jeans. We were 5 minutes from our junction and my bladder continued to put pressure on my pee hole and I soon started dripping I concentrated hard on holding back the flood and continued driving. By the time we came off the motorway I was bursting full and could feel pee right at the tip of my pee hole wanting to escape and by not letting it I was creating such intense pressure. Without warning a leak escaped and dampened my knickers. A few seconds later another one burst out and I knew they wouldn’t stop.

It would only take about 5 minutes to drive to the outskirts of town then up the hill to our house but that was five minutes my bladder was not willing ot wait. I kept leaking and I knew even if I managed to make it home I would have to get out of the car and open the door and walk upstairs and I would most likely explode. Just thinking about that made me spurt without warning and I knew I was on the verge of bursting. I quickly turned off down one of the side roads on the industrial estate and Alice looked at me puzzled and I told her I was about to pop and needed to pee like right now. I drove along looking for a suitable spot to stop whilst desperately trying to contain the spurts.

I turned into a dirt track that lead to the river and an old railway bridge and once I reached the end I stopped the car opened my door and jumped out. As soon I stood up I lost control and started spurting like crazy. I just had time to pull my leggings down before my pe hole admitted defeat and I started peeing a torrent. I quickly squatted and let out a hige sigh or relief as I peed hard through my knickers. It went on and on and the relief washing over me was incredible.

Eventually the stream slowed down to a trickle and then stopped and I just stayed squatting there enjoying the moment.for a few moments. Eventually I stood up and got back in the car and we drove up home. When we got home we both stripped off and went and had a nice long shower together where we took care of some other needs the events of the afternoon had caused.

*002*2016-03-04 00:03

{{ 

Sounds lovely. I love the descriptions.

What exactly is the relationship between you, Alice and Matty? From your stories it sounds like a real life menage a trois, which isn't something you see every day. (But if it makes you happy, go for it.)

}}

Matty and I are married and Alice is our girlfriend.

*006*2016-03-04 00:10

{{ 

Polyamory for the win! (Omorashi polyamory is even better!)

}}

It sure is

*008*2016-03-04 10:04

{{ 

Another wonderful story from you, Gemmy! Thanks so much for sharing this! Sorry to be a bit cruel, but my favorite stories are those where you lose it before you get home. It's a little more fun reading about the times you misjudge it. And hearing about Alice's struggles make it even better! Can't wait to hear more.

}}

Hehe, don't worry about being cruel, unplanned desperation is always fun to experience and read/write about.

