My diabolical, sexy plan

Author: Guest

*000*2023-08-11 17:01

We haven’t been able to do that much omo play since it’s summer and the kids are home. But a couple weeks ago, we finally got the chance when our kids all went to their grandparents house to stay for the weekend. My wife let me control her bladder and it’s led to a lot of enjoyment for the both of us. I absolutely adore watching her squirm when I tell her that she can’t pee, and watching her frantically potty dancing while waiting to be allowed to pee. She loves being controlled and me teasing her, so we both have a great time.

This time around, I would get her desperate every couple hours, watch her squirm for a bit, and let her pee. Later in the day after dinner, I took her for a little drive after we finished cleaning up. She started squirming around pretty soon and by the time we got back home, she was trying to control her leaks. She frantically danced around while I, very slowly, unlocked the door. Her face turned red when she realized what I was doing, and she couldn’t help but smile, which, along with her potty dance, is one of the cutest sights I’ve ever seen. She begged me to hurry up while giggling, and when I finally unlocked the door, she sprinted to the bathroom while I took off my shoes and settled in. When I went to the bathroom, her eyes were closed, her breathing was heavy, and her hands were on her knees. All tell tale signs of great relief. Her pants had a sexy little wet spot on them too as an added bonus.

Her bladder was weakened from all the fun holding she’d been doing, so I had a plan. My wife has a bad habit of rarely admitting when she needs to pee while we’re watching a movie, even though we can just pause it. So I put on a movie that she liked and brought a few ice cold beers from the fridge for us to enjoy. I even made popcorn so that the saltiness would make her drink more. Im so proud of coming up with that plan.

We changed into our undies and cuddled under the sheets. I put the popcorn in front of her, and she couldn’t resist. She reached for the beer not too long after. My plan was working. I looked under the sheets after a little while. Her legs were crossing, perfect. I offered to let her sit in my lap after a little while, an offer that she gratefully accepted. She started squirming around in my lap not too long after, right on my lap. I offered her another beer and more popcorn. I then undid her bra and started massaging her breasts while kissing her neck, giving her all the more reason to stay in bed rather than go to the bathroom.

An hour hadn’t even gone by, and she was frantically squirming in my lap. Eventually, I felt her first leak. She moaned and cursed under her breath as her hot piss fell right onto my crotch. I was so turned on at this point, so I ramped up the kissing and touching. I started whispering raunchy sentences into her ear, and eventually she turned her full attention to me rather than the movie. She was torn between staying and making love with me and breaking the seal and taking a much needed pee break.

I turned off the tv and pulled off her panties and my boxers. I climbed on top of her and teased her pussy. I slowly entered her and began to make love to her. She locked her legs, out of horniness or desperation, I don’t know, but what happened next I think I’ll remember forever. She finally couldn’t take it and started peeing full force onto my dick as I was fucking her. This was too much for my dick to handle, and I instantly came in her. We laid there, still in each others arms, trying to catch our breath as she emptied her bladder underneath me. After she finished peeing, I ate her out to orgasm and released my own bladder all over her body. We cuddled in our big puddle for a while and didn’t say anything. Our hearts were still racing, and we were still in shock from how amazing it was.

“I’m sorry, I couldn’t last that long, your pee just felt too good.”

She laughed and said, “don’t apologize, that was fucking amazing.”

”You know what I was doing right?”

“I caught on when you started to offer me more and more beer. But you planned that out wonderfully.”

“It’s gonna be a pain in the ass to clean this up.”

“I think we’ll have to throw this whole mattress out.”

We started to clean up after a while. We took a shower together and threw our underwear and the sheets in the laundry. But we were so energized from that whole ordeal that we couldn’t sleep, so we grabbed some more beer and sat outside, cuddling and taking about whatever. Her seal was broken, so she kept peeing every 10 minute. Eventually, she stopped going back inside and would just stand up, spread her legs, and let it go in the backyard.

After we decided to call it a night, she put on a diaper, since it was nearly inevitable that she would wet the bed with her weakened bladder. The next day, I got to wake up to the sight of my wife, wearing nothing but a diaper, doing a little potty dance while making breakfast. She put on a pull up before changing into her clothes for the day because we had some errands to run, like mattress shopping.

