My University Holding Gone Wrong

Author: Guest

*000*2024-04-02 22:19

This takes place during the time I went to university for a semester and lived in a dorm.

To set the scene, the dorms had two bedrooms and each shared one bathroom. I shared a dorm with 3 girls (being a trans man myself) and my roommate happened to be out that day. I was dating a person into omo at the time and we'd frequently have Discord calls where I'd hold for them and they'd give me challenges and tasks to do while holding.

This time however, things didn't end up the way we planned.

I started out dry, standing on a towel, showing the lower half of my body with the camera. My partner would give me tasks such as "Please drink 12 oz of water and hold for 20 minutes" or "Stand for 5 minutes with your legs apart." Very standard holding challenge tasks.

Eventually, though, I got super desperate. The tasks became harder as I tried not to leak into my boxers and I had to tap out. I squirmed and moaned and told my partner that I was done for the night.

This is where things went really really wrong.

The minute, and I'm not joking, the MINUTE I went to go piss, a girl from the other bedroom went to go take a long, relaxing shower.

I heard the water start and I immediately leaked a hot jet of piss into my boxers. I panicked, grabbed a towel, and sat on the floor, rocking back and forth in desperation.

I frantically texted my partner about the situation and they were sympathetic, telling me to just hold it the best I could and that if I had an accident I could do laundry tomorrow.

Another leak, this time longer, I was slowly losing control into the towel on the floor as I frantically shoved my hands into my crotch. I held on as much as I could, letting out leaks here and there. I could feel my face get hot with shame as I could literally feel myself losing control of my own bladder. It was so humiliating.

Eventually the shower stopped and, still having a full bladder, I sprinted to the bathroom to finally relieve myself.

Unfortunately, I still had to do laundry the next day.

