Some early wetting memories

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2021-01-17 18:43

When I was a kid I had accidents a lot, both at night and during the day, too many to remember. Usually it happened because I was too shy to go to the bathroom (or from genuine bedwetting). These are some of the ones I remember most clearly. (Note: I'm sharing these memories because I like the role they played in my adult self liking omo, and it's fun to imagine my adult self in similar scenarios. Please don't sexualize my childhood thanks)

The first was when I was maybe 4 or so. My parents had just installed those impossible plastic child locks on my bedroom door, the kind that fit over the doorknob and need to be squeezed hard to open. I remember getting up later that night because I had to pee really bad, but when I tried to get the lock open I couldn't do it. I struggled with it for a few minutes while I danced around, until eventually I gave up and got back in bed. I guess I thought I could just keep holding it all night, but after a while of squirming and trying to wait I lost control and peed my pants and the bed. My family was very apologetic about the whole thing, they took the locks back off after that night lol.

Another bedwetting accident happened around the same time, but at preschool. We were supposed to take naps during the day, so we would all go into a side room and lay out plastic mats, dim the lights, and sleep. I was never tired anyway, but I also frequently ended up with a full bladder. That day we had a substitute teacher, who was in the other room at the time. We hadn't been in the nap room for very long, but I started feeling like I had to go badly. 

At first I tried to wait, because I knew we weren't supposed to get up, but I was bursting and didn't want to have an accident, so I gathered up my courage and went to the door. I peeked out and saw the teacher sitting at a table, but when I tried to slip out the door to the bathroom (it was only a few feet away), she saw me and shook her head, telling me to go lay down again. She probably thought I was just wandering around, but I was too shy to say I needed the bathroom, so I reluctantly went back to my mat. I remember lying there trying my best to hang on until naptime was over, but my bladder gave up and I flooded the mat and the floor.

A couple years later I was out somewhere with my family, I don't remember where, just a place with public bathrooms. We were all sitting around talking, and I suddenly noticed I had to go, bad enough that I was about to lose it. I told my parents and they pointed me to the bathrooms, I basically ran there, but when I tried to push on the door it would barely move. It was just way too heavy, I couldn't get it open on my own, and the effort made me immediately pee my pants right in front of the bathroom. I remember having to walk back through public areas with wet pants, but I don't remember much else afterward.

*003*2021-01-18 10:04

A few more... these happened when I was around 5, between preschool and kindergarten.

This time wasn't as accidental, but I remember lying on a plastic mat in preschool again, needing to pee as usual. I was scared to ask to go to the bathroom, so I was trying to hold it. There was a clock on the wall, I kept watching it, hoping it would move faster. Eventually I was completely bursting. I knew when naptime would be over, and it was still going to be a while. I realized I wouldn't be able to make it that long, so I decided my only option was to just pee and get it over with. It took a little effort, but I let go and wet myself, there was a big puddle. I just told the teacher it was an accident, and I had to clean the mat afterward.

The next time I was with a neighbor, I think she was looking after me while my parents were at work. She had a son around my age and was dropping him off at his preschool, so I had to go along with them. For some reason she needed to talk to the person in charge, so after her son went to join the other kids she brought me to the back of the building and into an office. Already I had to pee pretty bad, but she was supposed to bring me home after that, and I wanted to hold it so I wouldn't have to tell her I needed to go. She talked to the person at the desk for a while, and I wandered around, trying not to fidget too much. It was really boring and felt like it was taking forever. 

My need was getting worse the whole time, I switched from walking around to standing in one spot and wiggling, then to marching around in circles. Nobody noticed any of that, they just kept talking. I remember being frantically desperate, squirming and marching on one of those 90's city map rugs, with the little dotted streets. I couldn't think straight, I was just staring at the pattern on the rug and doing everything I could to hold on. My legs were crossed when it happened, I froze in place and it all came out, I watched the pee run down my leggings and make a big wet spot on the rug. The neighbor actually finished talking pretty quickly after that. I was too shy to say I'd wet myself, but once we left the room she saw my wet pants and got mad that I didn't ask for the bathroom.

Another accident was soon after I started kindergarten. We were at recess and I was wandering around the playground, I'd needed to go for a while and was on the verge of losing it. I really wanted to use the bathroom, but I would've had to ask the teacher on playground duty to take me back inside, and I was too scared. Soon the teacher blew a whistle to call us inside, and I felt so relieved, we would walk past the bathrooms on the way back to class and I could go. Unfortunately they made us all line up first, in single file against a wall, to make sure everybody was there. 

My body was telling me to do a full pee dance to keep it in, but I was really shy, so I tried to just lean back against the wall and squirm with my legs pressed together. I remember feeling like it was about to come out at any second, and wishing the line would hurry up, we were so close to the bathrooms and I couldn't wait even a few more minutes. I tried as hard as I possibly could to hold it, but right as we were almost done lining up I lost control. The pee shot out in front of me in a stream. I remember my pink and orange plaid shorts getting instantly soaked, it splashed all over my shoes and the concrete. As soon as I started wetting the girl next to me asked what I was doing, I didn't answer her, but it was very obvious I was peeing myself. A lot of the other kids noticed too.

*006*2021-01-20 00:13

Couple more stories~!

I got super close to wetting myself in the car when I was about 6. I remember it being a rainy evening, my dad was driving us home. I don't know where we were coming back from, but I'd been bursting to pee for a while, and I could barely hold it anymore. My dad kept telling me to hang on and that we were almost there, but I was whimpering and holding myself tight and bouncing like crazy on the seat. There was a stoplight a few blocks from the house, I remember watching home get closer and knowing I was almost to the bathroom, but then the car slowed down and stopped at that light. It felt like I'd never make it, my desperation surged and I almost started to cry, I was about to pee myself. 

My dad was still telling me to hold it, but I started begging to stop and loudly saying I was gonna have an accident. Trying to avoid getting the car wet, he very quickly pulled over. There was a small park there and we rushed behind a tree, me holding myself and squirming the whole way. It was an extremely close call, but I managed to pull my pants down and hold on to the tree trunk, while I sort of hung off and released my full bladder all over it. I think the experience is part of why I like peeing outside so much now

Another time I peed in my swimsuit in public, but I don't think anyone noticed. I was taking swimming lessons with a small group of kids at an indoor pool, and the lesson for that day was almost over. While we were still in the water I suddenly noticed I had to go, but I wanted to be good and wait, since I'd be able to go to the bathroom in a few minutes. The lesson ended and I swam to the edge of the pool, moving much faster than the other kids, since I really had to pee. I climbed out and stood up, then got immediately hit by the cold air on my wet skin. My bladder couldn't take it. I remember freezing in place, and then it all just flooded out. I watched the stream pour from between my legs, but I was also dripping from the pool water, so when I finished peeing and nervously looked around, nobody seemed to be paying attention. It just looked like I was wet from swimming. I waited for somebody to scold me for having an accident, but nobody ever mentioned it.

*007*2021-01-22 23:39

Some other experiences in vehicles... both of these happened around preschool age.

The first time I was in a minivan full of other kids, we were coming back from a daycare trip. I don't know how long of a drive it was, but I remember being on the highway with open fields around, and I remember it feeling like forever. At some point I started needing to go, but I tried to ignore it because I was too shy to say anything. I was looking out the window and getting more and more desperate as we drove. Eventually I had to go so bad I could barely stand it. As a last resort I started doing a pee dance in my seat, holding myself and bouncing and crossing my legs. 

Of course the other kids noticed right away and started paying close attention to me, they laughed and told the lady in charge (who was driving). She told me to hold it, and that we still had a while to wait before we got back. I kept squirming and grabbing myself while the other kids watched me, but pretty soon I couldn't take it anymore. I started forcefully peeing my pants all over the seat. Everyone laughed and tried to scoot away from me, but I couldn't stop it and just kept peeing until I was empty, I remember the gray fabric seat being soaked and dark.

Another time I technically made it, I guess? Or at least I didn't wet my pants. It was a preschool trip, we were on a bus, but not the kind with a bathroom. The teacher had told us to go before we left, but I hadn't because I didn't feel any urge to pee. We got on the bus and went to our seats (mine was on the aisle), and at first everything was fine. The bus moved along, but after only a short time I realized I needed to go. It was already kind of bad, and the bumpy road was jostling my bladder and making it worse. I tried to stay still and hold it, but the desperation hit so fast. Pretty soon I was panicking, holding myself with both hands, bouncing up and down and calling for the teacher.

She came over and asked if I could try to hold on, but I was almost crying and told her I was about to have a pee accident. There was no other option, I couldn't wait, so she quickly got the diaper bag she had for the younger kids and pulled a diaper out of it. She hurriedly had me pull my pants down and scoot off the edge of the seat, and she held it up to my crotch, I started going instantly and completely emptied my bladder while she held it there. It was really embarrassing, but still much better than peeing my pants on the bus seat in front of everybody.

*012*2021-02-03 06:38

I definitely wet myself during class more than I can remember, but I know these happened in 1st grade.

The first time I was sitting at my desk in the middle of the classroom. The lights were off, because the teacher was doing some sort of presentation, I'm not sure what it was but we were supposed to sit and watch. I needed to pee really bad, but I didn't want to interrupt and have to ask the teacher in front of everybody. I remember trying to be brave enough to raise my hand, but it was too scary, so I just sat there squirming in my chair and trying to hold on. After maybe ten minutes of absolute desperation I started peeing myself, it made a puddle on the plastic chair and dripped onto the floor, the other kids around me noticed. I don't know what happened afterward, but I know the whole class found out I had an accident, and I had to change my clothes.

The second time I was at a table with some other kids, we were taking turns reading out loud from a book. Before we started I wanted to ask for the bathroom, I'd been holding it for a long time already and was getting desperate, but I was too shy to tell anyone, so I started reading with the group anyway. I couldn't concentrate at all, I tried to follow along but I kept shifting positions, sitting on my heel or crossing my legs. It didn't take long before I was squirming and bouncing frantically in my chair, grabbing myself under the table. 

My friend was sitting to my left on the same side of the table, she saw me and asked if I had to go pee. I just nodded. She looked worried, and told me I should ask the teacher to go to the bathroom so I wouldn't have an accident, but I told her I couldn't. She kept watching me but didn't say anything else, and I kept holding tight to my crotch and wriggling around, but after a few minutes it all flooded out. My friend was still watching and saw I was peeing in my pants, she went to tell the teacher, but most of the class was too busy to pay any attention.

Another time I didn't wet, but I got very visibly desperate, and everyone would have seen it if I'd peed myself. We were all sitting in a circle on the floor, so most of the class was facing me. I was bursting to pee but too shy to say anything, so I was just bouncing up and down and rubbing my crotch. It drew a lot of attention, and the teacher made her assistant take me to the bathroom so I wouldn't have an accident.

*018*2021-03-03 12:28

Another wetting memory... I was older, about 9, and didn't have frequent accidents anymore, but still got desperate easily (that hasn't changed lol). At the time my family was living on a quiet country road with only a few neighbors. There was a creek close to our house, maybe the distance of a couple blocks down the road, I used to go there to play and look for flowers. That day it was a sunny afternoon, I was wearing sandals and a blue sundress. In my excitement I didn't think about whether I had to pee or not, I just rushed out the door to the creek. 

Since I was looking for interesting things, I crouched down to get a better view, but the sound of the water suddenly made me have to go really bad. I stood up fast and grabbed myself, but I was already extremely desperate. I started to panic, I don't know why I didn't just pee there since nobody was around, but I tried to run back to my house. Immediately I felt myself leaking in my panties, and then peeing a steady stream, it splashed on the ground while I ran. By the time I got home my panties were soaked and there was a big wet spot on the front of my dress, but I still mostly made it to the bathroom.

I also mentioned bedwetting in an earlier post, but only talked about times I had to wait in bed desperate until I peed. I did wet the bed a lot while sleeping too, until I was 12. I don't remember many specific events, since I would just wake up wet, so it all blurs together into the same kind of experience. At first my parents tried to train me out of it, so I had a plastic mattress protector and a bedwetting alarm, but I would end up fully wetting my pajamas and sheets every night, and have to wake somebody up to say I had an accident. Eventually they stopped trying that and had me wear Goodnites, so I still peed in my sleep all the time, just in the pullup instead of the bed.

I do remember wetting a hotel bed once, and also a sleeping bag on the floor of a relative's house. The only real bedwetting I have a clear memory of was my last one (other than a few close calls). I was 13 and hadn't had any accidents in about a year, so I'd stopped wearing Goodnites. Then one night I just woke up and felt myself peeing full force, I was right in the middle of going and couldn't stop it. I tried to hold it in with my hands and rush to the bathroom, but it was too late, and the rest flooded out all over the floor when I stood up. There was a huge wet spot on the bed, I must have woken up most of the way through emptying a full bladder. After that I never really wet the bed again, I don't know why.

*021*2022-01-04 13:05

Not wetting, but I remembered another experience and I feel like it belongs in this thread.

When I was about 5 I lived in a house with a big yard. It had lots of bushes, and a patch of trees at the far end. My friend would come over to play sometimes, and we'd usually end up outside after a while.

One time we were out in the yard around sunset, just as it was starting to get dark. My friend suddenly stood up from where we were sitting and said she had to pee. I didn't want her to go inside yet, partly because I didn't want my parents to decide it was a good time to send her home (it was getting late), and partly because, well, I liked when people needed to pee.

I convinced her that we should play a game, where we both had to secretly pee outside. We hid behind a tall bush and crouched down. She was hesitant, but she pulled her panties down and peed onto the ground, facing me. There was a puddle when she was finished. Then I did the same thing, peeing onto the grass while she watched. I remember it being really exciting and feeling like we were getting away with something.

