I peed myself in the bathroom line

Author: gefany

*000*2025-09-16 09:11

So, my name is Gefany, I’m Brazilian and I live in Manaus. I’m 1.63m tall and have a tan skin tone. On September 5th there was a city festival called “Sou Manaus,” and some singers I really like were performing. Anyway, I went to this party with my friends and we started drinking beer. We arrived early to stay close to the stage.

When the first act ended, I already had to pee at about a 7/10 level. I was worried because the public bathrooms were really far away and there were a lot of people at the concert. I told my friends that I was about to pee myself, and then Gabi said, “Let’s just wait for one more act before we look for a bathroom.” I said, “Okay, but I’m really desperate.”

A few minutes later I felt like I was going to lose it, my bladder was hurting. I managed to convince them to go to the bathroom. I went there with my hand pressed against my crotch because I was so desperate. When I got to the bathroom, there were about 15 women waiting in line. That’s when I panicked and thought, “I won’t be able to hold it.”

And that’s exactly what happened! I waited a little in line, there were 5 girls in front of me, and I really couldn’t hold it anymore. I started peeing intensely in line. I turned red with embarrassment, my jeans got soaked in the front and in the back. I had never peed so much in my pants as I did that night. A puddle formed at my feet. I left the line, embarrassed, everyone staring at me — but I was also turned on hahaha.

I went back to the concert completely wet, and when I had to pee again I just went in my pants anyway, since they were already soaked. It’s not the first time I’ve wet myself in front of my friends, I have a few stories, and soon I’ll share them here.

(The pants I was wearing were brown.)

*003*2025-09-16 18:09

{{2 hours ago, Lukicz said:

Qual foi a reação dos seus amigos? Eles sabem da sua tara? 😉

}}

I think they suspect haha

*005*2025-09-16 18:15

{{3 minutes ago, Bludarcking said:

Se tivesse que fazer de novo, você faria de novo?

}}

Yess

