Wet myself whilst teaching 🙈

Author: Guest

*000*2023-11-12 15:53

So, it's been quite a long time since I last posted anything, but... hey? 🙊

Despite my lack of posts, there have been many incidents (embarrassing and sexy) that have involved me wetting myself in the last couple of years. I'd love to write some more stories, so please let me know if that's something you would be interested in reading.

For those that don't know, I am a primary school (elementary school for our North American traders) teacher. I have been teaching for a few years now, but one problem I have always struggled to overcome is just how long we have to hold our wee between breaks! There have been many occasions where I have been caught short and not made it to the bathroom in time, although this is usually just a quick dribble that can be covered up/saved.

As you can imagine, my colleagues are well aware of my weeing habits & are very supportive of me in my time of need. I know that, in a pinch, I can rush into one of their classroom's to 'borrow' an adult to watch my class, whilst I hobble and squirm down the corridor to the nearest toilet. However, the expefience I want to share today is one of those times where this was not possible. It was also one of the only times I have ever had what can be described as a full wetting whilst at work.

I'll paint the scene: It's a Friday afternoon, the lunchtime break is coming to an end and I'm sat in the staff room with my colleagues shooting the shit about what we're all doing for the weekend. I glance down at my watch and notice it's only a few minutes until I need to be back in class & that all too familiar feeling creeps up on me. A twinge in my bladder. Before I can stand up and make my way to the ladies, a colleague interrupts me and asks if I can help her load something onto her computer. Of course, I am more than happy to oblige and follow her to her classroom.

We're stood in her classroom for all of a couple of minutes, before she recognises that I am bobbing from one foot to the other.

'Do you need a wee?' she asks me, amused.

'Yeah, just a bit. What gave me away?' I replied chuckling.

We talk for a couple more minutes, whilst I resolve the issue on her computer and just as I go to leave, the bell rings. My colleague profusely apologises and explains that if she sees a member of staff free, she will send them along to my classroom to relieve me.

I make my way back to the classroom, sit down and begin my afternoon. As we all do, I become lost in my work & the next half an hour seems to go by without a hitch. It was only as I began to show my class a video on YouTube that the feeling of urgency returned and reminded me of just how badly I needed to go. A wave of desperation flooded over me, saved only by the leg I had instinctively swung over the other to avoid any leaks.

(I should point out, I am wearing a long summer dress, tights and a pair of vans.)

Just as the video is coming to a close, there is a brief moment where the video buffers and the character on screen is making a ridiculous face. The children in my class point this out, causing an erruption of laughter. I too began to laugh, which ultimately set off the chain of events that would lead to the inevitable happening.

As I let out a giggle, I feel a wave of desperation come over me that even my crossed leg cannot fully contain. A small spurt of wee shoots out of me & I instantly feel my knickers grow warm. The surprise caused me to jolt upwards, causing another small leak that falls onto my fabric desk chair.

At this point, I realise that I am in serious trouble and pause the video, before heading cautiously towards the door. I give myself a quick pat on the bum to check for any wetness and immediately feel a small, cup sized wet patch. Luckily, the dress was a dark blue colour and the stain was not visible to the naked eye.

I make it to the door and realise that I am going to need a miracle to make it to the toilet without having a full accident. I spot a senior member of staff walking down the corridor, flagging them down and asking if they'd mind watching my class whilst I nip to the loo. They oblige and I begin what can only be described as a half run, half shuffle to the toilet.

At first, everything seemed to be under control - I had leaked into my knickers at work before, so this wasn't entirely unusual and as I made my way toward the toilets, I thought I was home and dry. However, I was quickly brought back down to earth when I arrived at the ladies toilet door only to find the lock signalling 'Engaged'.

In my panic, I immediately felt another strong spurt escape into my knickers. It trickled carefully down my leg, before I could get it under control. At this point, I was absolutely frantic and gave a sharp knock on the door.

'Hi, it's Rosie - is anyone in there? I'm really desperate!'

For a second there was no answer, before I heard a familiar voice call back.

'Oh! Hi Rosie, it's Emma! I'll only be a sec!'

I couldn't believe my ears. Emma, the teacher I had helped earlier in the afternoon was standing between me and the sweet relief I so desperately craved. Luckily, she was true to her word and it wasn't 10 seconds before she came out of the toilet.

'Sorry babes!' she said, assuringly.

I tried to blurt out an answer, but was so focused on making it through the door that I hastily shuffled past her and into the cubicle.

Now, if any of you are familiar with my previous stories, I have a particular problem when it comes to 'Latchkey' situations. This also extends to seeing a toilet whilst absolutely desperate. Today was no different.

I spotted the toilet on the opposite side of the room and instinctively hiked up my dress, hobbling over and plonking myself down. It wasn't until I was sat down that I realised I hadn't removed my tights or my knickers, but by that point, it was too late. I was weeing full force through them both, with the intense relief flooding over me almost instantaneously. I was suddenly transported back to my own school days, where I would often catch myself short coming home from school, weeing through my knickers and tights, before frantically burying them in the washing backet. Only now, I wasn't at home. Once my stream had ceased, I peeled off my tights and knickers, before balling them up and storing them in the toilet roll compartment beside the toilet.

In another stroke of luck, the headteacher (a fellow woman, with an understanding of how often one can be caught short) had recently stocked a small box next to the toilet with spare tampons, sanitary towels and Always Discreet knickers. I was saved! I quickly tore them out of the wrapper and pulled them up, safe in the knowledge that any further accidents today would be protected.

I swiftly made my way to class, avoiding questions about where my tights had gone for the rest of the afternoon, before heading into the toilet at the end of the day to retrieve my soggy tights and knickers!

And that's my story! I hope you enjoyed it. As I mentioned earlier, if you'd be interested in hearing more stories, I am more than happy to share them with you all.

Stay sexy & soggy!

Rosie 💕

