My First Hold

Author: gkj1

*000*2024-01-15 02:35

Hi omoorg! Made an account literally just to share this. I've been into omo for a while but always just consumed the media made by others and hated being desperate myself. Tried doing a planned, intentional hold for the first time today. Here's how it turned out. As it turns out, I'm not super into this side of omo and probably won't do another, but I wanted to share my experience in case someone else liked it.

It started when I randomly stumbled across a pov desperation challenge while scrolling the hub and ended up trying to participate in it. I'd been playing video games for the past few hours and already sort of had to pee, though I was by no means desperate. I ended up chugging down my 32oz water bottle's worth of water plus a bottle of root beer as part of the challenge and settled in for the hold. The idea was, to avoid the hassle of having to clean up pissed-in laundry in a college dorm, to just do the hold in the bathroom and release into the toilet when the video would otherwise prompt me to wet myself.

It was going pretty well and I was starting to feel the desperation kicking in, maybe around a 6/10 on a hypothetical scale, when the challenge had me release for a brief second. (it was intended to go into my pants, I just did it into the toilet for the above cleanliness reasons - I'm very much into the desperation part more than the pee part of omo). Problem was, after that, it felt like my urge lessened significantly. And after it had me do it a second time, the urge to pee just about evaporated. The excitement of the idea was just about gone and here I was, staring at myself in the bathroom mirror in a shirt and boxers.

So, I decided to make it a little more exciting by dressing up for the cold (it's below freezing outside) and heading to the campus dining hall to fill up the water bottle I'd drained as part of the challenge, which I'd need to do either way before the dining hall closed. I live in the same building as the chow hall so I figured I'd be fine. I put on a hoodie, some snow pants, and a jacket and headed out the door.

Immediately I began to regret it somewhat as the belt of the pants began cutting into my lower abdomen and squishing my bladder, which was starting to feel noticeably uncomfortable. To make matters worse one of the elevators in the dorm building lobby was currently down for maintenance, so everyone was using the other one. And to my unpleasant surprise, the elevator stopped on every single floor on the way down from my room on the 7th floor to the lobby on the 2nd.

Now with a bladder definitely nagging me for relief I headed outside to pop into the dining commons, the cold definitely not helping. I reached the water fountain, stuck the bottle under the tap and was forced to stand, trying to keep myself completely still, as 32 ounces of water hissed into the bottle. It was not a pretty sight and I felt my desperation skyrocket. I knew it'd be close and was just hoping no one would be in the elevator on the way up.

Luckily, that prayer was answered and I rode the silent elevator back up to the seventh floor, bladder now screaming at me to free it and my belt cutting into it aggressively. I fumbled with the key and let myself into my room, and immediately as soon as I crossed the threshold, my desperation skyrocketed. I slammed the door behind me as I was now at a 9/10 or even arguably a 10/10 and began dancing feverishly in place as I kicked off my shoes and started wrestling with my heavy clothes. Naive as I was, I still wanted to finish out the video I had loaded up on my laptop, which meant that I'd need to get back into just my shirt, socks and boxers.

The winter coat came off easily, the hoodie less so, as I had to pause with it over my head three times to grab myself. When it came time for the snow pants I was in absolute agony. I had to bend over to get them off my knees without using my hands to hold myself, and I felt the first spurt jet out of my dick while I was wrestling with the pants to get them off. I threw them out onto the bed and that's where the chaos started. I just kept spurting and couldn't stop as I sprinted to the bathroom, still in my light gray boxers. I ripped down the front of my boxers and unleashed the stream into the toilet, the relief not nearly rewarding enough to make up for the feeling of shame that I overestimated my own capabilities. As I looked down once I was finished I saw the completely dark crotch of the boxers flush against the light fabric. I hadn't wet myself, but i certainly hadn't made it.

Y'know, despite what I said at the start of this, after writing this all down, maybe I was into it.

*003*2024-01-20 07:14

{{10 hours ago, scwetjeans94 said:

Very hot story!

I love it!!

And I hope you actually do end up holding again! 😁

Also, if you feel like chatting, feel free to DM me. I would absolutely piss my pants for you 😌

}}

I don't know when my next intentional hold will be but I definitely end up having to hold it a lot just due to the circumstances of college life, maybe I'll write about it if it happens again :)

