Wetting myself while playing a video game

Author: Guest Marlee Johnson

*000*2019-10-17 04:58

Hey everyone!!! So today I randomly decided that I would test myself and try to do a holding challenge that goes along with a video game! I made all the rules myself, and tried to make it according to my skill level in the game. That being said, here are the rules!

1) During the opening clip have 8 oz of water

2) When you discover a new section of the game have 6 oz

3) If you die while fighting a boss press on your bladder for 30 seconds

4) If you die during normal game play have 8 oz of water

5) Hold yourself at every bonfire for however long you need (optional)

6) Once you reach a cut scene or defeat a boss you can let go for 1 second

7) You may not use the restroom until you reach the desired part of the game

This, being my first attempt at this challenge, didn't think it would be too hard. I am pretty good at the game, and have been playing for years! So what I did was pick a checkpoint in the game that I knew would take a few hours to reach! It consists of about 6 areas, 6 bosses, and around 10 bonfires. I was basically attempting to get through the "first part" of the game. But I'll cut to the chase and get into the story!

The cut scene at the beginning is pretty long, and it gave me a generous amount of time to drink my first eight ounces of water. I had been chugging water all throughout work and it honestly put my kidneys into overdrive, so I was honestly kind of worried when I started this off, but I would say that my bladder is fairly big so I wasn't really scared I wouldn't make it through. But one of the things I forgot about at the beginning is that when the game finally loads in, you technically "discover" a new area so that kind of put a small dent in my confidence. But I would be able to make it through...... Right?

Well, all throughout the first section of the game I was trying to rush through it. I already felt the water moving down into my bladder so I had no time to waster. I generally have no trouble getting through the first stage of the game, but I think my nerves were getting to me so I was making really dumb mistakes and loosing focus really easily. But I ended up getting through it with generally no problems and no deaths! That was good news for me! I needed to work fast!!!

When I say I needed to work fast, I mean I REALLY needed to work fast! My bladder started filling like crazy!!!! Now let me tell you, Dark Souls is a game that requires some intense focus. Even looking focus for a few seconds can result in you making a stupid mistake and dying, and that was not an option at this point. I couldn't risk having to drink more at all. As I played I just felt my bladder filling more and more with pee. I cursed myself for for drinking so much earlier, because that was not helping my cause at all. While I played I felt sudden twinges coming from my bladder that would cause me to loose focus for a bit. And like I said earlier, This can result in some pretty sticky situations. Even though I had played the game so many times before, I just kept making mistakes and ended up dying!

Within the first half of the entire challenge I had had around 50 ounces of water and my kidneys were just pumping warm piss into my already full bladder. I started to make a point of running to bonfires just so I could hold myself and get some relief. This was all before the second boss battle (I still had 4 more to go). Luckily I was able to summon the focus and win the fight on my first try! I was relieved to have won and get to move forward in the game, but I was even more happy to finally let some of the pee in my bladder out! I let out a gush into my black underwear and found it very hard to stop the stream. I knew that I had to get my act together or I wasn't going to make it all the way through the challenge!

As I continued through the game and made my way to the second boss, I was lucky enough not to end up dying! The problem came when it took me three tries to finally beat the boss. I dreaded having to push on my bladder for thirty seconds. Not only did it make the ache in my bladder worse, but it also meant that it would betaking time away from actually playing, and I needed to hurry! While I pressed I felt tiny dribbles coming out of me and teasing me with warmth on my underwear. My legs shook just from the added pressure, and I couldn't help but let out a few moans.

I was bursting. My bladder stretched out against my waistband and my body was shaking. I was not going to quit holding though. I couldn't give up! I was going to try to make it through this! While playing I felt more pee just slowly escaping me. It didn't provide any relief. My bladder was filling up faster than I was leaking it out. I would rest at the nearest bonfire just gripping my crotch and just trying to find any form of relief. I knew I couldn't make it much longer. When I entered the next area I forced myself to drink more water and I felt it move straight into my bladder. I was already so full! I couldn't take any more!

Even in my current predicament, I still managed to slowly make my way through the game. I kept playing until I felt a gush of pee spurt out into my underwear. I instantly stopped what I was doing to grab myself and stop the stream that was coming out of me. But during right as I did this, I ended up dying. I still stood by the rules of the challenge and drank my 8 ounces. I spent the next few minutes trying to regain control of myself at a bonfire, but i needed to keep going. I started playing again and ended up making it all the way to the boss. I was determined to beat it, but my bladder was throbbing. my legs were shaking uncontrollably and even that made my need to pee worse!

I lost to the boss, and I knew I had to press. I slowly and shakily put my hands onto my rock hard bladder. With a sense of dread coming over me, I pressed down as the rules instructed. All of the pressure in my bladder by itself was making me leak uncontrollably, but as soon as I pressed down, all of my muscles gave out. I felt a stream of warm piss burst out of me, and I tried my best to contain it. I managed to stop the flow for just a few seconds, but the strain was too much.

Every muscle in my body was shaking. My bladder was screaming for me to release all of the piss that my kidneys forced into it over the past few hours. I couldn't hold it. In an instant, every muscle in my body relaxed and I burst. I let out a long stream of piss and the relief was incredible. It felt so amazing to finally let go and relax. I went for about 45 seconds before the stream finally died down. My pants were soaked! And when I say soaked I mean that they looked like I just dunked them in a tub of water.

I finally undressed and got changed into a pair of dry underwear and pants, and just let out a sigh of relief after the intensity of that hold. I guess the challenge wasn't as easy as I thought that it would be! But I am not going to be giving up on this challenge quite yet. I'll be back at it and attempt it again soon!

