Accident After Work!

Author: GoobooGooboo

*000*2025-01-21 03:29

Hi!!

I mentioned in my introduction that I had an accident which kind of led me to this website/fetish.

Well, here's the story there!

I, 22F, work a desk job. You could just picture a basic secretary. I'm actually pretty small I'd say. I'm around 5'2 and roughly 122 pounds. Somewhere around there I think! Well, anyways, the day was really busy and I was kind of in work mode. Focusing solely on work nothing else, well, when I finally got around to leaving I didn't get a chance to the bathroom. I was ready to go home. It was when I was driving home when I really got desperate. I think here you guys use a number scale thing?? I was already at a like...9/10 in my car. My bladder isn't the strongest out there. It's pretty easy for me to be that desperate. Well, I drove a bit faster home than I should have. I eventually made it home and practically ran to my door.

I needed to pee so badly. Well, me running up to my door I leaked a bit. I was wearing purple panties and a pair of light blue jeans! The leak kind of caught me off guard. Well when I made it to my door I was just. Peeing. I couldn't stop. I just stood there and looked down at my jeans as they got SOAKED. The puddle was actually pretty big. Well, standing there in my pee and the warmth of it I think it was just the relief itself? It felt great. I was like wow this kind of doesn't feel thatttt baddd.

I unlocked my house. Kicked my boots off making sure they were left outside and kind of immediately took my pants off? My panties were...dare I say fine? Since they weren't dripping as bad. That morning I emptied my trash replacing the bag so I kind of just. Threw the pants into the trash. I walked to the bathroom in my panties and laughed at myself. I wiped myself down while also stripping fully. Washed the clothes and was done with it. It stayed in my mind for a while. Just the feeling of relief. It really felt good the more I looked back on it. The mess was a simple thing to clean up. So I got pretty interested in it. Looked into it quite a bit and after a lot of googling I ended up here.

I'm my adventures across the web I found a few other things that sort of excited me. When I made an account here and looked at the 'kinks' section I kind checked the things that seemed interesting. I've barely done any of them. So tips and tricks or support would be cool! Feel free to PM me if you'd like! Anyone can! I don't mind! I love it here already and have had great conversation with one person so far! Pretty cool since I jUst started!

I love you all!! Hope you enjoyed this! As a first experience post ahaha!

*002*2025-01-23 07:54

{{4 minutes ago, Wet Genius said:

What a wonderful story and experience. And most important is you enjoyed it. I look forward to read more of your experiences

}}

Aww thanks! This makes me wanna pee my bed right now hehehe.

*004*2025-01-23 08:29

{{2 minutes ago, Catflat said:

Very nice story! One tip I’d give you is that pee washes out of pants just fine! No need to toss out a perfectly good pair lol.

}}

Hehehe that's so true! I didn't throw those away. They were thrown in the bin temporarily! Didn't want toooo much pee all over my floor. I got them a bit later and washed them. Thanks for the tip though! Maybe that'll encourage me to pee my pants moreeee!

*011*2025-01-23 21:57

Oh my gosh there's so many of you!!! Thank you all so much! I've met nothing but friendly people here! It's so great!

{{10 hours ago, SoakMe said:

One tip I would give you is to buy a good quality mattress protector for your bed. That way, at some point in the future when you wake up desperate for a pee and feeling naughty, you will be able to relax and flood your nightwear and bedding. As long as the mattress does not get wet, the clean-up is pretty simple.

}}

Hehe I actually bought one a few days ago because someone was messaging me about my fetishes on my profile. They suggested it and I'm like hey why not! I've used it a little bit already hehehe. I'm naughty, I know!

{{6 hours ago, Sprite said:

Quite a common entry story, but great nonetheless. Would've been killer to see it happen~

}}

Hehe I bet it would be! I'm sure I'll have more accidents like that!!

{{2 hours ago, N4r4cs said:

Did it go into your boots?:)

}}

It did! My socks got all squishy! Boots were the hardest thing to clean if I'm being honest ahahaha.

{{4 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

This was cutest thing I read all day! I was sitting in my truck in the garage reading this after work today and I won’t lie, I think you gave me a bit of inspiration because I just may have ended up standing in a puddle in my bathroom in soaked jeans as I type this message😂

}}

Hehe. Naughty naughty!! I'm glad it inspired you! I bet you looked adorable!

*013*2025-01-24 06:55

{{8 hours ago, Sprite said:

Careful you don't get caught!~

}}

Maybe I will get caught! I'd be so embarrassed hehehe

*017*2025-01-25 18:31

{{On 1/24/2025 at 7:50 AM, jd100 said:

Great story. What kind of boots were you wearing (ankle high, knee high, etc)?

}}

They were black boots and they were halfway up my shin! Slightly bigger than ankle high.

{{17 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

Wow,nice entry! welcome to the club! I hope to read more of your discoveries.☺️

}}

Yess. Thank you for the welcome! I'm sure I'll have a bit more for youuu!

{{12 hours ago, angus5555 said:

Pics or it didn't happen.😜

}}

I'm not comfortable with doing photos, but I do try to describe it as best I can!! I'm super sorry!

