Road trip all alone, public wetting

Author: GigaQ

*000*2012-04-02 04:00

Ok, so i've been at my friends house in cali for about 2 weeks. all the time of course i couldn't really get to enjoy my wetting side.

So... i was driving back home to utah (8-9 hr drive). i had a gallon of water i usually get for road trips and i was drinking it normally. i was wearing a pair of brown shorts and a blue striped button up.

But anyway, my bladder started to fill up as i expected it too. so i was just thinking, i just filled up on gas and i don't need to stop for a long time. so perhaps i can wet a little bit to get this boring atmosphere out of the car of driving alone. so i was getting kinda desperate and i was driving out in the desert with no rest area for another 50 miles or so. but i wasn't thinking about that at the time. i spurted in my pants a few times just to be aroused when things got a little out of control. my bladder was getting too full, it was just constantly aching and the spurts i let out didn't help too much, i had a little wet spot on my crotch and i'm sure i had one on my but.

Now about 15 min out of the next rest area were i was gunna stop for the bathroom, it got so bad that i had to spurt more into my pants, little by little while trying to relieve pressure i kept on getting wetter and wetter, soon i had a wet spot too big to run into the next gas station. i was kinda panicking until i remembered i packed a lot of clothes just in my back seat. now i was thinking fuck it, might as well wet, but there was no way i was going to ruin my seat. i'de have to wet outside... but how? were?

So i finally get to the gas station and my shorts were already soaked. gas pumps were all being used and there were people every were <.<. so i drove to the side of the chevron and saw the perfect place. the dumpsters that were hidden behind a brick wall. so i grabbed what random trash i could into a plastic back and started running. by the time i got to the trash can i was already peeing slightly. i ran behind the wall and i squeezed my legs together and held myself lightly. finally i was soaking down the legs of my shorts, (also... i now don't like wetting in shorts being they cause a nice loud splash) i kinda felt like a little girl wetting as my pee splashed getting on my shoes, and there were 2 streams running down my legs into my socks.

All this 60 second wetting and i wasn't thinking at all how i was gunna get out of this one, my car was in plain view of the gas pumps and there i stood in still dripping shorts. so... i grew a pair and walked back to my car, i still was feeling drops running down my legs and everything. i got into my car and i didn't see if anyone saw me, so now i'm sitting on the passenger side seat (of which i'm now kinda mad that i got all wet with pee but hey it's my own fault) did everything i could to dry off and change out of my clothes, when everything was gravy i went inside and washed my hands and wiped my legs with a wet paper towel. after that i topped off and hit the road again. but i must say that was really exciting to do, but i suggest planning it better, i got lucky...

Oh and i have a pic i took on my phone

