Hot weather = wave of desperation and wetting sightings

Author: Guest

*000*2019-06-22 20:30

I don't know if it's the warm weather we're suddenly having in my Norwegian city that's causing girls to drink lots of water, or if it's just coincidence, but I've noticed so many desperate girls latelly.

I happen to take a bus relatively often that goes from the city centre to a junction/hub at a shopping centre to the west, and I've seen several girls really desperate on the bus or at the bus station, possibly because buses from the junction don't always go too often since the places they go to are pretty remote, so I guess the girls choose to hold it rather than wait for hours for the next bus. That, combined with the warm weather,

I was north of the city recently and a girl walking in front of me, wearing jeans and pretty "cool" clothes, appeared to be holding her crotch with her right hand and looking down at her crotch when she got to an upward hill. Turns out she was going to take the same bus as me, and she sat down in the seat right behind doors in the middle of the bus. When it reached the downtown bus station she went to the door before the bus stopped and stood hopping up and down slightly, and then she ran for the bus which was ready to depart west, with her hands between her legs. I kinda regret not following her onto that bus, though at the same time I think I would've felt pretty creepy had I done so.

My latest memory is from a few days ago, when I happened to sit down next to a girl in a window seat. She was visible uncomfortable and kept starting out the window at the road ahead, and right after we left the bus station in the city centre she rearranged her legs, so to speak, so that she was sitting on her heel, at least it looked that way to me since she wore this long khaki coat that obscured her legs almost down to her knees, I seem to recall. For most of the trip she sat with her legs crossed, slightly bent over, quite possibly with her hand in her crotch under her long coat. At one point right before she got off she made this "ngh!" sound people make when they suddenly pee themselves a little, or just barely manage to hold back their pee, and after she got off I noticed her looking down, possibly to check her crotch for wetness.

Not going to relate other memories as the others aren't that interesting and several, or the majority of them, are unsurprisingly pretty young, as in young teens or younger.

Has anyone else noticed a wave of desperations and big and little accidents now that the weather is getting warmer?

