Wetting myself in the college car park

Author: Guest

*000*2023-01-31 17:49

Today I had the rather unique experience.

It started off as me waking up and deciding to go to the gym first thing, I had showered and used the bathroom, gotten ready and such, I put on some white ankle socks, a white thong, light grey leggings, a black sports bra, a black t shirt, and a white hoodie, with some Black and White Jordan 1’s. I went to the gym and had a bottle of water (500ml) and a Redbull (450ml) and was at the gym for around 2 hours.

At the end I filled up my water bottle again and drank it (500ml) before driving home, I had about 1.5 hours before I had to leave again and I was just sat at my desk doing a little bit of work due in next week, when I started to feel really horny, so I decided to do a hold, I was only at around a 3/10, so I filled up my bottle again (500ml) and continued to drink more as I worked, about an hour before I had to head to college I grabbed a bottle of Pepsi (500ml) and started to make sure everything was ready for my lesson, and when the time came, I got in my car and drove to college, I was at about a 5/10 by this point.

I got to college at the time my lesson started, my lesson was 2 hours long, I was just enjoying my lesson and about 30 minutes in I got to about a 7/10, started to hold my crotch from now and again, but just crossed my legs. In the middle of the lesson I had a 5 minute break where I went to go stretch my legs a bit and fill up my bottle (500ml) I downed it and then filled it up again (500ml) and took it to my lesson.

My urge was getting stronger after another 30 minutes and I’d finished my water, and was at about an 8.5/10, I was struggling to focus and my legs were crossed hard, (I should actually mention, I’m allowed to go whenever I want to, i just chose not to) the end of the lesson came and I was feeling much more desperate, about a 9/10 or so. I packed up my books and left to the water fountain, I filled up my bottle again, downed it again (500ml) then filled it up again and started to walk to the car park.

The Carpark was a multi-storey, 5 floors, it was situated about 5 minutes away from the college building, as I walked along I was getting more and more desperate, having to stop once or twice on the way there, I got to the car park, and my car was on the 3rd floor, second from the top (4th floor for anyone who calls the ground floor, the first floor) as I desperately walked up the stairs to my car I felt the bulge in my stomach, it felt like a balloon...

I made my way up to the floor I was on, literally only my car on this floor, I stopped and crossed my legs again but I felt my piss coming, I started walking very quickly to my car as I lost control and started to piss myself uncontrollably, the stain forming on my leggings was growing quickly and my piss was leaving a trail from the stairs, I started to walk faster until I got to my car, I stopped and decided to let my piss flow out of me first, so I stood there and let it flow, it was coming out fast, and I was stood there for a few minutes just pissing into my grew leggings.

After about a minute I was still going strong, but my leggings were completely soaked and stained, looking less like a light grey and more and more dark, the puddle was growing bigger and my leggings were at full capacity, they couldn’t absorb any more pee, after 2 or so minutes, my stream started to weaken and eventually stopped, the puddle was huge and my leggings were dripping I waited an extra minute to let them dry off a little bit.

I walked around the car park for another minute or two just as a little daring exercise before I grabbed one of the waterproof seat covers out of my car boot and went to my driver side to put in on the car seat. I got in, started the car up and drove off, continuing to drink my water as I drove, the traffic was a bit busy too, and my bladder quickly filled up again, I made it home this time, I pulled up to my house, took the seat cover off, and grabbed my bag and went inside, I rushed up to my bedroom, took my shoes off and grabbed my towel. I then went into the bathroom and jumped in the shower, took my t shirt and hoodie off, but leaving my leggings, socks, sports bra and panties on, and started to piss myself again, the feeling was nice, but my leggings were already soaked so the stain didn’t get any bigger.

After that I turned the shower on and started to shower with my clothes on, I was super horny at this point so I masturbated in the shower for a bit, once I’d had my fun I turned the shower off and turned the bath tap on and started to run myself a bath, I waited for about 20 minutes in my soaked clothes for the bath to fill, before getting in it with my clothes still on. After a few minutes I took my clothes off and put them in the sink, and enjoyed the rest of my bath.

Currently just drying off from my bath, so I thought I’d write about this as I’d had some fun, and thought people may enjoy reading it.

Edit: greatly exaggerated how long I pissed for cause I thought it would sound hotter, my apologies.

