Easily Avoidable Desperation/Wetting

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-10-08 03:56

I had a silly desperation experience today that I thought could make a fun discussion prompt here: What is the most completely avoidable desperation/wetting experience that's happened to you?

My Experience:

Today I was doing some writing at a coffee shop and had a latte that I drank over the course of two hours. Right when I was about to consider using the bathroom, my friend who I'll call Kristen walks in. We chat a bit and she sits next to me.

One of my pee related quirks is that I hate being the first person to go. Even though I'd been there 2 hours and already finished my drink, my brain in all its infinite wisdom said something to the effect of "Hey Goldwood, it'd be super embarassing if you peed before Kristen, so you've got to hold it until she goes first."

Kristen picked up her drink and I continued to ride out the storm. My bladder screamed for relief, but I sat at the table even though the coffee shop had two wonderful bathrooms calling my name. Partway through, Kristen had a phone call that lasted around 45 minutes. This took her attention away from me almost completely which I certainly appreciated. I felt a couple drops leak towards the end, but wasn't at risk of a serious accident or anything.

Finally, she hung up and went to bathroom after finishing her drink during the call. She came back and I went a couple minutes later where I let out one of the strongest streams I've had in recent memory.

*004*2022-11-08 02:11

{{On 11/4/2022 at 2:19 PM, TheSenatesOmo said:

I love this kind of stuff! For one shy reason or another, refusing to go to the bathroom, resigning oneself to suffering in silence indefinitely, trying not to make their plight known. You implied this is a thing you often do. Do you have other stories of times this has happened?

}}

Off the top of my head...

One time in college I went to Stranger Things watch party. Season 2 had just come out a large group of friends/acquaintances were binging it. Long episodes + soda led to a whole bunch of peeing throughout the night. The first episode ended, and one girl booked it straight to the bathroom as soon as the credits rolled. A large group of people followed her, but I didn't have to go too badly and am a bit shy as stated in the original post. I decided that I'd go after episode 3.

I wound up getting pretty desperate while watching episode 2, but wasn't in a position to do much open holding as I was one of eitehr 3 or 4 people on a couch. I caved after episode 2 and the bathroom line in front of me included my girlfriend at the time and a girl that had also peed after episode 1 and joked about drinking too much coke. My dumb omo brain decided that I'd done well enough since most people had peed before or right after me and I enjoyed the rest of the night. The only thing missing was a fear wetting from someone given the nature of the show 😉

