Car Ride Panic

Author: Guest bloooyrainbow

*000*2010-09-27 01:38

Me and my family were coming back from having a little family get together about an hour away from my house. At the resterant we ate I had 3 diet cokes there my family kept saying how crazy I was for drinking that much but I didnt care cause 1. I could hold it (so I thought) and 2. it was only about an hour drive which was nothing to me! As soon as we left I felt the coke kicking in but wasnt worried...until only 10 mins in our drive we stopped with miles of traffic! about 20 mins we STILL havent moved an inch an I quickly relized coke gose through me a lot faster then I ever thought!!!! Now 30mins we were slowly going bumper to bumper ever stop jerked me foward the seat belt pushing deep to my bladder making me grimace to hold it all in. Apparently we were having road construction until we passed six flags.

When we passed six flags I tried to be calm but I never though I be in the situation and I dont like to tell my parent that i need to pee mainly in traffic. Now we were cruising slowly traffic going away now and i was trying to casually cross my legs placing my hand between my legs secretly holding myself shifting all around but no matter how I sat it hurt to much and the seat belt was digging in my swollen bladder. now 50 mins I was grinding my teeth brething shallow clenching my legs together but now it was more challenging... See i was in the front seat mom in the back and dad was driving...soooo dad next to me and well he was goofing off like a 12 year old!!! every time I reached to change the radio my dad would tickly my side making me EKK and almost lose control.

After him tickling for for the 400 time I couldnt control a small stream come out and I was silent for 5mins trying to control my self and not cry at the same time. I rocked getting happy I saw fimilarness now and off the highway. but My dad was once again bothing me making me laugh acting stupid that pee just couldnt help leak out! now I had my eyes closed praying I could feel my bottom wet but still couldnt say anything to embarrassed. Then I opened my eyes and saw that I was only about 30 secs away from home!!!!!! I already had my seat belt off and was flinching ever speed bump in my neighbor hood we hit but as soon as we got in the drive way I jumped out pulling my t-shirt down to hide any stain.

As I got in the house my bladder seem to feel safe alone in the house since my parents were talking about whatever in the car that it ran quickly down my legs and it felt way to good. I ran up to my bathroom and jumped in the tub lightly pushing my hand on my empting bladder quickly getting wet and warm fast my feet got soaked as the warm pee slidded dripped and down on it then down the drain. After I just stood there dazed in the finally empty feeling how to close that was then undressed and shouted that I needed to shower thankfully they didnt come in the bathroom for anything to i cleaned and hide all wet items....then it was scarey but now that i got away with it it felt great =]

