Waited too long and peed my pajamas

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-12-12 11:20

Earlier tonight I was lying in bed in my pajamas, with no panties underneath. I really really needed to pee, but I was watching a movie and didn't want to get up yet. Instead I just squirmed around for a while, it helped a little to squeeze my thighs together and rock back and forth. After about 10 minutes I was wiggling constantly and had to slip my hand between my legs to hold myself. I was getting super desperate. All I could think about was how bad I had to go.

A few more minutes went by, and I had both hands pressed tight against my pussy, whimpering with the effort of keeping it in. I was determined to wait as long as I could, but I didn't know how much longer I'd be able to hold on. I crossed my legs, rubbed myself frantically, and rolled around on my bed, but my bladder was full and hard, and the jostling didn't help. My pajamas were pulled up my legs, the fabric bunched up around my crotch from all my grabbing. I was nearly in tears from how badly I had to pee. I felt like I might go in my pants at any second.

As soon as I had that thought, a tiny leak came out. I gasped and tensed my muscles even harder. I was really about to wet myself, and I was still in bed Completely desperate, I tried to regain control, but I kept leaking in my pants for a couple seconds before I managed to stop. My fingers felt wet and warm, but the bed was dry. I hurriedly got up, as carefully as I could in that condition, and made it a few steps before I started to leak again. I couldn't hold still, and I danced around while the wet spot on my pajamas got bigger.

Realizing I might not make it, I quickly kept moving toward the bathroom. Pee trickled from my pussy with every step, soaking into my pajama pants. I was shaking and breathing hard by the time I got there. My plan was to make it before I had an accident, but as soon as I closed the door I had to lean against the wall, bouncing in place and holding myself tight. I was so close, all I had to do was pull my pants down, but I couldn't move. All my effort was focused on keeping the flood in.

Blushing hard, I felt my bladder finally start to give up. Warm wetness hit my hands, and even though I tried to hold it back, a few jets of pee shot out in a row. The crotch of my pants soaked it up at first, but all I could do was stand there and clutch my pussy as more pee came out in bursts, longer each time. It started dripping down my legs and making a little puddle on the tile. I was still trying my best to hold on, but I was wetting myself. After a few more seconds of involuntary peeing, I stopped holding it back. Pee flooded out into my pajamas, totally drenching them and making a bigger puddle around my feet. The relief felt so good as I let it out all over the floor I couldn't help rubbing myself while I finished wetting my pants.

I didn't have time to take pics, but I was wearing the same pajamas from this post:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/63241-pee-dancing-until-i-wet-my-pajamas-socks/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1825989&embedComment=1825989&embedDo=findComment#comment-1825989"

