Desperate evening

Author: green_hanger

*000*2018-08-02 14:13

Sorry for any mistakes in advance, I'm still learning English.

I'm an uni student, so right now I have plenty of free time (summer holidays). Yesterday I decided to do a hold. I drank a lot, ran some errands and enjoyed some dumb TV series. It was about 20 (8 PM) and I haven't used a bathroom since morning. I was painfully - but in pleasant way - full and could tell that leaks are on their way. I stretched my back a little, enjoying strong stress signals from my bladder. Sitting always helped me hold, so looked around me without getting up. I had to admit, my room was a big mess... I decided to clean some of it to see if I was able to hold my pee long enough.

I got up and froze immediately when a quick leak escaped my body. I clenched muscles, wait a while to make sure it won't happen again and slowly moved toward messy bed. My moves were painfully slow, my bladder triple as heavy and my legs shaking from effort to hold it all in. In one moment I went from 7,5 to strong 9. Every few minutes I had to stop whatever I was doing to shut another leak in. Some listened, some fought their way out. When I cleaned about half a room, front of my undies was soaked, but I still felt overwhelming need to pee.

It was a long time since my last full accidental wetting and at this point I was pretty confident about going outside while desperate. I decided it would be fun to put waterproof pants on and take a trash out. I wouldn't dare going out without any protection, because I knew there would be neighbours outside. For those who are unfamiliar with Central Europe countries, dumpsters for apartments blocks are usually in some distance from building, often common for two or three blocks. That means every time I take trash out, I have to take a little walk (just a few minutes both ways). Usually this is not a problem at all, but when you're desperate as heck, it might be a issue. Because I felt exceptionally full, I decided to put a piece of cloth in waterproof pants, just in case. And boy, I was lucky I did...

The moment I started walking down the stairs, I felt a huge leak that I couldn't stop. I looked around and when I saw noone, I quickly grabbed myself to stop it. I had giant problem standing still, which made me reconsider my idea. But back at flat there was my flatmate which would look at me weird if I came back with trash, so I had no option, but to push forward. I took my hand away - no leaking, at least for now. Good. I started walking again, moaning quietly. My need was about 9,5/10.

I wanted to go right here and right now. I made it to ground floor with two more leaks. After pushing heavy entry door, I noticed my elderly neighbours gossiping in front of the block. Great. Now I had to look casual and desperation-free. I tried to straighten my back, but it resulted in long, strong stream of pee, so I quickly moved one hand into a pocket to help myself. I knew I looked weird, standing there with bag of trash and dancing in the spot, but I didn't dare to move. After few minutes I decided it's hopeless (and neighbours started to give me suspicious looks), so I just bolted to the dumpster, feeling hot pee gushing from my urethra, flooding my undies, soaking the cloth, hitting against waterproof pants...

When I reached dumpster, I hid behind one of a containers and squeezed myself with all my might to stop the flood. It felt soooo good, but if I didn't stop, everyone would see me wet! I already felt some wetness escaping leg openings and going slowly down my thighs... I tried to move again few times, but every time I took my hands away, flood started over. I considered peeing behind the dumpster, but there were too many people and I always have problem with peeing outdoors anyway. I gave myself a final squeeze and comically wobbled back to home. Every step meant new spurt of pee. Passing any person made me very nervous and self-conscious.

When I finally made it home, my pants were partially wet, my legs were sprinkled with pee and my whole torso was covered in sweat. I ran into my room, kneeled on old towel and just let go. I couldn't hold it long enough to use a toilet. It was orgasmic!

