When and how did you decide to wet yourself for the first time?

Author: Guest FTRexx

*000*2021-05-05 23:03

I suppose I should say hello first. So, hello! I'm Rex. Nonbinary but I put down trans male bc that's the closest to who I am. Recently realized that omo is a thing that is not bad and that I'm not the only one who likes it...so that's nice.

After lurking here for a few hours I got to wondering. When and how did you decide you wanted to try wetting yourself to see if you liked it? I primarily am wondering about experiences done on purpose (or by accident but with the intention...I don't know, words are hard).

Whenever I'd watch porn, especially recently, I'd find myself drawn to pissing/omorashi videos. I always had the urge to pee but I always made it to the bathroom, save for one time in college, because anything else would be gross.

Well... I tried wetting myself twice today and...I really like it. eep

The first time was when I woke up for work overnight. I watched some videos and eventually wet my undies a little bit in the shower. That felt really good.

But the second time was even better. I've been horny on and off all day - and holding it unintentionally for part of the day - so when I got home I browsed some here and watched more stuff on Twitter before I made it to the bathroom. I stopped my stream at what I *thought* was near the end when I felt naughty. Someone (probably someones) on here said their first experience was wetting their underwear over the toilet for less cleanup so I wanted to try that. Watching more videos helped me let go and boy am I glad I did. I had more pee left than I realized. Hearing some of the droplets escape my underwear into the toilet was something else. Even with wearing a pad it felt amazing. I then put on my shorts over my now-soaked underwear and wet myself some more. I'm getting excited just typing this out, whew! I finished by taking my second shower of the day - but not before emptying my bladder completely.

This feels extra naughty for two reasons. My partner doesn't know (and wouldn't find it arousing I don't think). And as we've been told peeing is dirty as is, never mind intentionally.

I'm excited to explore this kink more. I know my want to wet myself will probably go down after this first real week but right now I'm just enjoying the ride. I fucking love this.

