First Experience

Author: Guest beth

*000*2016-04-27 13:00

Hi guys, thanks for being so welcoming and nice about my first post, I thought I'd follow it up with a similar experience I had a few years ago in college, my first one really.

So I was walking through a village on a d of e hike, when a couple of my group asked if we could stop to pee in a pub we were by. I kind of had to go (about 5/6 out of 10) but agreed to wait outside with my friend Becki (who'd just been behind a tree in a forest on the other side of the town, so didn't have to go, but was annoyed at the others) so we could look after the bags.

Understandably, about two hours, a platypus of water, and a walk halfway up a very steep hill later I was absolutely bursting, (and quite damp due to some leaks) while the others didn't have to go at all. Ahead, we saw a little cafe, and my heart leapt, when we reached it I gave Becki my bag, ran in, but couldn't find a toilet. I went to the counter and asked the lady if they had a toilet I could use but she said there wasn't one. I pretended I was on my period (I was desperate, don't judge me!) and asked if I could use the staff one, but she said they didn't have one. (Apparently the cafe is run by the same people as the one at the top of the hill, so the staff just use that toilet before they go up. It must be awful to hold it for a shift making drinks though!)

Anyway, I knew I only had one option so I grabbed a handful of napkins to wipe with, went outside, and told the girls I was going to have to go behind a boulder. I ran to the other side of it, leant my back against it, and slid down into a squat, the cold rock against my back shocked me and made me pee a little, but I managed to get back control until my trousers and knickers were out of the way. Only when I'd started to pee did I realise I was facing the tourist train line up to the top of the hill, and there was a train about to go right past me. 

I shoved the napkins between my legs, clenched as hard as I could, and managed to stop midstream. I pulled my trousers back up and walked (as naturally as I could with my bladder screaming for relief) round to the other side of the boulder, where my group were in stitches laughing at me showing my bits to a trainful of tourists. Becki threw my bag back to me, I bent over to pick it up, realising before I even reached it that this was a fatal mistake. I felt the heat spread around my crotch and my body shudder as I lost control, and quickly squatted, somehow getting my trousers down before I soaked myself.

Seeing their friend cry a little as she emptied her poor swollen bladder half into some hastily stuffed napkins and half onto the grass in front of them seemed to stop their laughter, and one went to get more napkins so I could clean up. Luckily most of my accident was soaked up by the napkins, and because I was so clearly embarrassed, they kept quiet and word never got around the rest of college.

Looking back now, I see the funny side though (not to mention the arousing side, that was probably awoken in me that day!)

