Finally Met Someone

Author: Gender-fluidss

*000*2024-12-27 04:40

It finally happened, my dudes. Living the dream. I met someone who shares my fetish.

It started about six weeks ago at a kink and sacred sexuality festival. One of the good friends I was camping with was bringing her best friend, who I very quickly bonded with over our love of fishnets & nylons, David Bowie, and horror films. We spent the weekend talking for hours, flirting coyly, and trying to one-up each other's sexy lingerie.

At the festival, he figured out that he is actually gender-fluid, just like me. (Talk about a magical connection!) Later, his femme side came out and she completely seduced me. She begged me to snap her garters and spank her, and gave me the dirtiest fucking lapdance that absolutely blew my mind.

We finally hooked up following that, because seriously - who could resist that and why on earth would they?? And it was the *hottest* sex I'd had in like a decade or more. Just mind-blowingly naughty & sexy.

First, we made out like teenagers until we were absolutely on fire. Peeling the nylons off and stripping the lingerie to reveal soft curves, and discovering how responsive she was, all sweet moans and whimpers, took up the next several hours. I think we managed to fall asleep in each other's arms for an hour or so, sometime after sunrise.

Throughout the night and morning, as we were out in the woods, whenever one of us needed to pee, we'd just step outside of the tent and go. The 'tent' was actually a popup gazebo with mosquito netting sides, so there was zero privacy inside or out. So as the night went on and got more comfortable and kinkier, I stopped forcing myself to look away when he would go to piss 3 feet from where I was laying, and instead casually watched while touching myself, waiting for him to get back & start the next round.

It was a week or two and many, many long conversations before I admitted that I had a fetish of my own. He had talked a lot about how much it meant to him that I'd embraced and become a huge fan of his nylon fetish, and from all of our talks I knew he would be open, at the very least. We had talked about and indulged in some really dirty fun kinks, but I keep my love of omo close to the chest, so it was hard to admit.

I gathered my courage, trembling with anxiety, and told him how much I love the feeling of a full bladder, and how I cum a lot harder when I'm desperate to pee. I was so afraid of how he'd react, y'all. I knew he wouldn't be a dick, but was afraid of the same "well I don't get it but I'll awkwardly try to pretend I do" response I got the one time I had shared my omo fetish with a previous partner.

I was absolutely, completely blown away when he admitted that often times after playing and cumming in his pretty lingerie, he'll go to the shower and piss in them before soaping up and throwing them in the wash. And that he also gets off really hard on that part. My mind was blown, my dudes. It was the hottest possible answer I could have imagined.

Since then, we've indulged in this mutual kink several times, and further plans have been discussed. I just can't believe I've found someone so perfect for me in so many ways, who also shares this dirtiest and (until now) most shameful of all my kinks. Talk about the icing on the cake. 😉😈

More adventures to cum...love y'all 😘

