Almost caught wetting myself at work

Author: Guest

*000*2024-02-03 05:49

So I haven’t posted much on here, mainly just a lurker, but figured I’d share almost getting caught at work today.

So a bit of back story, my boss and I are the only ones that work this job. He is self employed cutting and delivering firewood.

For the most part, I run the log splitter while he stacks and delivers wood. So for a good portion of the day I’m working on a dead end road by myself. It’s hard work but I really like it, partially because I can hold for so long without worrying about having to hide my desperation. There’s been a few close calls but I’ve always been able to hide my desperation fairly well. Or at least I think so. I know my boss could tell I had to go one day because he approached me and said I can use the bathroom whenever I need to.

Anyway I was scheduled to work today because he had a lot of deliveries to do and wouldn’t be there most of the day. So I filled my gallon water jug and showed up to work at 8 as usual. Everything was going pretty normal, I was drinking a lot and enjoying some moderate desperation, and was about to use the toilet until he told me he’d be gone for a few hours due to a delivery about 90 minutes away. So I decided to hold it around 1pm. Fast forward to 45 minutes later and I was completely bursting. I had to pee so so badly, but I brought an extra pair of jeans with me as usual, (pretty normal for people in this line of business) so I figured I’d hold until I wet myself. 2 o’clock rolls around and I couldn’t function I had to pee so badly. So I shut the log splitter down to collect myself and refill the gas tank and I just kept getting more and more desperate.

About 2 o clock there was a noticeable wet spot on my pants, I couldn’t keep my hands off of myself and my legs felt like jello. I tried to pull start the splitter but was too desperate to move that fast and lost control. Fought to regain it, and did for about 2 seconds until I started peeing again and just let it all out. I think I peed in my jeans for about 2 full minutes straight and all of the sudden I HEAR MY BOSSES TRUCK HAULING ASS BACK TO THE SHOP!!!

So there I am, in completely drenched jeans, still actively pissing myself and my boss shows up, I ran as fast as I could to the shop, run from the front door to the bathrooms leaving a trail of piss on the shop floor and locked myself in the bathroom. It was at this moment, I knew, I fucked up. I LEFT MY JEANS IN MY TRUCK!!! So as I’m sitting in the toilet, still leaking alittle from being so full, my boss comes in the shop and hollers my name. Apparently the 2pm delivery canceled and my boss was back an hour earlier than expected. I didn’t know what to do, I was completely freaking out. I thought maybe I could tell him if started raining but looking at my jeans I knew that wasn’t believable.

So I’m sitting in there for 20 minutes, as my boss calls around to see if anyone needs a delivery a few days early, and he gets off the phone and asks if I’m ok since I’d been in there awhile. I told him I wasn’t feeling well and he asks if I need anything. Deep down I wanted to ask him if he could grab my clean jeans from my truck but that’d be weird so I tell him I’ll be fine in a few minutes. Luckily, he said ok and went out to finish up my pile at the log splitter, and once he was distracted I made it to my truck without getting caught. Ended up changing my pants in the truck but by this point I already had to pee again due to drinking so much water. 

So right as I get my pants on and I’m getting ready to get back to work, he walks up to my truck and tells me if I’d like to I can leave for the day. Meanwhile my completely soaked panties are right on the passenger seat and he’s just looking at me talking about dumbass that call to cancel shit the day of deliveries, and he looks down and saw the panties. I don’t know if he noticed because he didn’t say anything but I think he noticed. I was so embarrassed but so turned on at the same time. Overall it was a good day. 😁

$

