Thank you snowsuit

Author: gymsweatr

*000*2021-05-20 20:19

Hello everyone. I have to thank this site and the members for turning me onto snowsuits this past winter. I love stealth wettings, just letting go anywhere without worries of who may see. But besides wearing dark pants , some type of sports gear that dries fast (primarily black bike shorts and bibs, my favorite), or doing it in dark out of the way places, there are not many options beside just letting go in my house. 

Even in my yard can be an issue since I have plenty of neighbors. But, now that I have a few pairs of snowsuits, I can let go in the yard at least during the winter months. And living in Seattle means I can stretch that season out a few more months. I bought my first pair, as an adult last fall. I tried them out while doing some fall yard clean up, which took me most of the day. I like to keep a thermos full of coffee with me and I tend to have a small bladder, so being able to just "let go" without going back in was not only a thrill but also saved me time. I even let go once while my neighbors were out in their yards racking leaves. I did manage to take some pics to commemorate my first time.

*004*2021-05-22 08:24

{{On 5/20/2021 at 2:13 PM, Snowpants said:

@gymsweatr

I hope I was one of the ones that inspired you to try wetting in snowpants. Winter is my favorite time of year for many reasons but snowpants wetting is the major reason. I have those same snowbibs you are wearing in both grey and red. They are great for public wettings. Looking forward to hear more of your adventures and seeing more great pics.

}}

Yes, you did, sharing your experiences got me thinking and inspired me to buy a pair.

{{19 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Tremendous. There is something special about letting pee pour into your pants without anyone else having a clue.

}}

Sure is, doing it secretly but out in the open is a thrill

{{18 hours ago, Wetsy said:

I've been doing that for years..Isn't it just the greatest feeling????

}}

It is. Needless to say I found a lot of excuses to be out in the cold this year....the yard never looked better

*006*2021-05-24 06:52

{{On 5/22/2021 at 2:02 AM, Snowpants said:

@gymsweatr

I started wetting my snowbibs at home like you described. Since then I have ventured out and have wet on the ski slopes, while wearing around town and while shopping. After I got over wearing snowbibs in public places wetting them was an easy next step. I hope you get to wet your snowsuits in more public places outside your yard too.

}}

That is my next step...it would make doing winter activities a lot more enjoyable.

