When I was told to wet myself

Author: Guest

*000*2021-12-18 17:00

This happened when i was 18, when i didn't recognize my fetish.

I was heading to Maine to visit my grandparents by Amtrak. It was late night and there was few people in the train. I couldn't go to bathroom all day for many reasons. When i was in train i was really, really desperate so i crossed my leg and held my crotch and unbelted my jeans to reduce pressure, but it got even worse despite of all tries. At first i tried to use bathroom but every time i went toilet it was occupied. And when i could go bathroom, i couldnt even move and walk.

The train arrived final destination but i couldn't walk to get off it. Waitor thought i was sick and asked me of calling 911 but i replied no. It took more than 10 minutes for me to get off the train, holding my crotch with two hands and taking a very careful step.

So i was at the station but couldnt know how to make this. All womens bathrooms are closed by cleaning and there were only mens rooms. I first thought to use it but 18 old me was too shy to do like that. So i just started to walk out of the station. While walking i felt like im holding a bomb in my belly. I couldnt take my hands off since if i do it, the pee would come out uncontrollably.

It was a very small village and midnight out of the station. There were a shops but was not seen toilets. I almost wet and some drips leaked out of my pussy. The belly bulged like pregnant and my urge got worse and worse. Then i met my school friend. She was on there for trip with her bf. I told her i'm very desperate and she supported me walking to bathroom.

But there was no bathroom, and i finally reached my limit. The stream slowly started to come out and soak my underwear. I tried to stop it but no use. I felt like lm gonna lose all the powers and fall down and pee heavilly.

"Oh, it's coming out. I think i cannot make it." I said. "Oh, How about just going on your pants? There's no one to see you and i'll keep this our secret forever." She replied. I thought it was reasonable. "Yes." I replied and she took me to behind the church building. It was perfect blind and I stood up like a statue.

But, the stream stopped when i tried to relieve all them. And it started to hurt my stomach. I moaned and she asked. "No one can see you and you can go. Why?" She said. I couldnt reply and tried to go on, but it didn't worked. She suggest of taking pants off and shifting undies, but i was too shy to show her my pussy. I just waited and tried to reduce the pressure.

Finally, a small stream leaked. Then it started to get larger. I was peeing on my pants standing. The pants were getting darker and i felt orgasmic. "Ooh..." I moaned unconsciously and closed my eyes. It doesn't stopped for about 5 minutes and my friend seemed to be very surprised.

Finally it stopped and my pants were completely soaked. She bought new jeans for me and i changed to that and said goodbye to her. Then i headed for my grandma's home and had a good time for a week there.

And I think this memory may led me to Omorashi.

