Just Had an Accident

Author: Guest Renlhefhtbazil

*000*2016-06-27 08:11

This literally just happened.

I was sitting on the porch having a cigarette, usually I do before bed. I noticed I really had to pee, but I figured I'd be fine till I finished smoking. If you smoke, you know it takes at least five minutes to smoke a cigarette, maybe less depending on the person.

I was sitting there, holding myself slightly, when all the sudden I hear the front door lock! My roommate must have thought I was asleep already, and he locked the door. I figured okay, I'll just text him when I'm done. So I finish, I'm texting him, no reply. Shit. I decided to knock on the door since our doorbell doesn't work, but still no answer. I didn't bring a key out with me because I thought I would be fine. So I sit on the porch step and I'm trying to call him but no answer. He's in the shower.

Five minutes pass and I start spurting. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it any longer if he didn't open the door. I was only wearing a thong and pajama pants with a crop top, and my pants were already getting damp from the spurts. I was sitting on the carpet of fake grass he kept on the front porch too, so if I full on wet myself, it would leak through and go all over.

I started to panic, thinking maybe I could squat in the bushes or something, but I'm deathly afraid of spiders and they're everywhere so that wasn't going to happen. I was in a panic, my bladder was so full. As I sat on the steps a long spurt came and I almost couldn't stop it. Already pee was leaking down the front of the step from the spurts. I gave up, it hurt too bad and I just couldn't hold it anymore. Pee flowed out of me basically streaming out of my pants and onto the concrete below. My panties were absolutely soaked, as well as my pants and the step below me.

I didn't take off my wet panties once I finally got inside, but I did take a picture of my soaked pants.

$$

