Gym Class Desperation

Author: Guest Mae112

*000*2018-02-15 23:24

\\\This is my first story so it might be sucky///

THIS IS REAL

I walked in to gym class and as per usual I was first. I quickly changed and my fellow classmates started to appear. I was headed to the bathroom when I saw one of the girls, Gracie, jumping up and down. All of a sudden she bursts out "I have to pee so bad!"

"Are you gonna go to the bathroom?" Her best friend, Melody asks. "No, i'm going to change first." Gracie says as she shakes her leg.

At my school we have strict "no break" policies so most times you don't get to use the bathroom unless a teacher takes pity on you or during gym class, since there's bathrooms in the locker room.

Now I'm standing there watching this unfold. I see Gracie quickly head toward the bathroom and I rush into the only open bathroom. I use the bathroom since i was on the verge of wetting myself. The I hear our female coach yell "girls head out NOW!" I get out of the bathroom and see girls scurrying out. Gracie attempts to ask coach but she gives her a glare and her and I walk out. We walk to our role call seats and luckily mine is right next to her. Everyone sits down and I notice she's jiggling her leg.

"You ok?" I question. "Uhmm yeah I just kinda have to pee." She replies.

Our head coach, Mr. Brown, then walks up and starts checking to see if we're here. Gracie raises her hand and waves it around muttering "please call on me." Mr. Brown then calls on her. "Uhhh sir may I go use the bathroom?"

"No," he says angrily "You had time during dress out."

"I really have to go though!" she yells out. He ignores her and tells us to go run two laps. I decide to start up a conversation as we walk out.

"Hey that sucks, how long have you been holding?" I asked her. "Since school started today." She replies as she locks her knees together. I gasp at the fact its seventh period now. She's a tiny girl and I know she must be bursting. "Well ready to run?" I ask as we reach the track. "i guess." Gracie says. We only have 6 minutes to run 2 laps in all .

We begin to run and she groans with each step. "Whats wrong?" Her other friend, Peyton asks. "I really really gotta pee!" she squeals. "I thought you went!" Melody exclaims. "I tried to but the bathrooms were taken" she states with another moan, "and I'm bursting."

We run, but Gracie has to stop every minute to press her thighs together. Once we complete our laps we have free choice outside. "I'm gonna go ask if I can pee!" She exclaims as she heads over to Coach. I sit there and watch her friends play a game they made up called "Chase it!" I sit on the bench watching them when I see Gracie waddle over.

"He wouldn't let me go!!!" Gracie yelps as she sits down next to me. We both watch them play for a while in silence but then Gracie shoves her hands to her crotch and presses her thighs together. She does this for a while but then crosses her legs and shakes them all while holding herself.

"I gotta go pee so so so so bad!" Gracie yelps. "Dont worry its only 30 more minutes. You can hold out" I tell her. "I don't know" she says with a whine.

Time passes and she obvisouly becomes more desperate with every minute.

With about ten minutes till the bell she yelps out. "Oh god, oh god i just peed my self a little." Gracie whispers to me. Sh shuts her eyes and rocks back n forth.

"I've never had to pee so bad in my life" She says with tears in her eyes. "Just 3 more minute till we go to the locker room" I tell her.

For three minutes i watch her on the verge of tears, pressing her thighs together and holding herself.

"Oh my, I think its coming." Gracie says. "You can do it!" I say.

Luckily for her our coach calls us in. Me and Gracie walk in. Gracie is waddling as she attempts to hold back the flood inside her. Once we reach the doors she yells out "Open the frickin door NOW or I'm gonna to wet myself" Gracie yells in tears. "I'm sorry its locked" Melody tells her.

Gracie's face looks shocked and scared.

"But but i'm about to pee right here!" Gracie screeches. "Oh look here come Coach Brown to unlock the door." Peyton announces. "Hurry up, I'm dying" Gracie yells. Coach continues to walk at a slower pace. "Please please!" She says as she holds herself and jumps up and down. Finally Coach comes and unlocks the door. We rush in with Gracie dead last in her slow waddle. "

"I have to pee so bad" Gracie says in tears. She finally reaches the bathroom door and pulls it open when i see pee spurting out then quickly turning into a loud hissing stream. She didn't make it. She sinks to the floor and sobs. Then the bell rings and I head out.

Thanks for reading. Soon I will post 2 REAL desperate teacher stories, and they are good!

