Wet myself at my girlfriends house

Author: Guest Samantha omo

*000*2019-08-25 10:53

I got a message from my girlfriend saying that she was home alone and wanted to see me, naturally I replied saying that I would be over very soon then ran into the shower. after I showered I dried and straightened my hair when I felt the tiniest need to pee maybe a 2/10, I figured that I could hold it until I got to the bus station. No biggie right?

Physical description time I'm 5'2" and rather skinny, 45kg/100lbs and I have some small b cup boobs. Last time I checked, my bladder capacity was 200mls and at the moment I'm on some medication that makes me pee loads. That day I was wearing Black high-waisted skinny jeans and a black crop top (I'm a simple gal ok?) for those who are interested I was wearing a lacy pink bra and pink panties with a cute little bow on top.

I got a lift to the bus stop where I planned to pee then get my favourite drink in the world, bubble tea, of course this wasn't about to happen. I walked in and saw that the female toilets were out of order, I contemplated going to the gents but, 1. I was only at a 7 and the bus ride was only 10 minutes and 2. ew. So I hung my head in defeat and ordered my bubble tea.

I got on the bus, hung onto the rail and sipped my mango and strawberry bubble tea when my urge to pee suddenly ramped up to a solid 9 forcing me to cross my legs hard. I escaped with a tiny leak and lots of stares luckily it was my stop and I could get away from this embarrassment and get the hell to my girlfriends house so I could pee.

I got to her door step and pressed the doorbell, at this point my bladder was screaming at me for relief and I was hunched over, legs crossed one hand holding my bubble tea, the other was buried in my crotch. I was silently begging her to hurry up and let me pee! The door swung open and before I could rush to the toilet she gave me the biggest silent hug ever that lasted for ages, I eventually squeaked 'hey, I really need to use the toilet.' she quickly released me and apologized a bunch before I rushed over to the loo and tugged at the door, which didn't open. 

I was bursting to pee, my bladder was screaming and pee was forcing it's way out every second My girlfriend rushed over and helped me get the door open but it was too late. I was already leaking to the point where it was a constant trickle and my bladder had given up. It poured out as my girlfriend yanked the door open. I ran to the toilet still peeing and finished it off on the toilet, I didn't bother trying to get my jeans off.

After that I apologized to my girlfriend and she apologized to me, later on she told me that it turned her on seeing me need to pee so bad so hopefully there's more to come

