Naughty at the Drive Thru

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-09-23 15:01

A couple of nights ago I had some fun at the drive thru and I really enjoyed it and found it such a turn on. A few months ago Matty’s cousin and his gf bought a house and as we do house renovations he asked if we could help him sort it out. Over the past couple of months we have done all the structural work that needed doing and have just finished decorating it throughout. A few days ago they came down to our bargain store and picked out some furniture, electronics and appliances to fill their new house and get a family discount.

The following day me and Matty went down to our store and loaded up most of the items into the delivery van to take them over to the house. When I saw what items were left it seemed pointless making two trips so I went home and picked up my land rover and came back and put what was left in the back. We headed over to the house and spent a few hours moving furniture and getting them set up. Once we had finished shifting the stuff we went with them to Matty’s aunt's house to pick up their boxes of belongings and came back and helped them unpack.

By the time they were all unpacked and everything was in place we went and got fish and chips and sat and chilled out for a while. After we ate they headed out to go to the supermarket to stock up their fridge and cupboards and me and Matty headed for home. As we set off the sat nav on my phone informed me that there were traffic disruptions on the motorway so I decided to go the scenic route home to save getting stuck in traffic. After about 5 minutes of driving I suddenly realised I had to pee. Thinking about it I wasn’t surprised. It had been a few hours since I last went and during the shifting of the furniture I had drank a lot of water to cool down and I had had three glasses of dr pepper with dinner.

Now that I knew I had to pee and was focusing on it my desperation grew quite quickly. I drove along singing along to the radio but all the while my need to pee was at the back of my mind. Due to the traffic being bad on the motorway a lot of people had come off and were taking the back roads which meant every so often I got caught in pockets of traffic. I was soon sat squirming and shifting in my seat as my bladder continued to fill. By the time I made my way through the worst part of the traffic I was absolutely busting for a wee and feeling really full. 

I drove along enjoying the feeling of being so full and enjoying the scenery when my phone went and a message popped up from Matty saying that one of the roads ahead were closed for maintenance and a diversion was in place. I turned at the next opportunity to go down onto the main road into town as that would be where the diversion would take me anyway. I joined the main road and once again the result of delays on the motorway were evident as there was quite a lot of traffic. I made my way through the many traffic lights and after the detour and added delays I was now bursting and getting close to weeing myself.

As I drove along my bladder pushed and I had to drive one handed with the other pushing against my pussy to help hold back the flood. Each time I moved my hand to change gear my bladder pushed hard against my pee hole almost making me drip. Being in an old land rover pickup didn’t help either as I felt every bump in the road. I hit a pothole and the sudden jolt made me drip and I felt my knickers get wet. I jammed my hand back against my crotch and I could feel the slight wetness. I was starting to doubt whether I would make it home before I had an accident and decided it would be best to stop off somewhere to have a much needed pee. Not too far ahead was McDonalds so I decided I would call in there. Not only would I get to pee but I could get a McFlurry as a treat to myself.

I continued driving and lost a few more drips which added so much pressure to my bladder who was now desperately trying to release. I squirmed and writhed trying desperately to keep in control and not soak myself. I saw the big yellow M getting closer and just seeing that made me leak as my bladder knew relief was getting close. I pulled into the car park and as I was driving round looking for a place to park I had a realisation. My desire to stop somewhere to pee was based on me not wanting to get my car wet and have to clean it. That is my usual mind set. However I realised I wasn’t in my car, I was in my land rover which I can easily wash the inside of. It gets muddy inside so I usually just hose down the inside floor and the seats so peeing in here wouldn’t be a major issue. I suddenly felt naughty and wanted to pee myself. I had to stop myself going right there and then as I thought that. I drove around then remembered I wanted a McFlurry so joined the queue for the drive thru.

I sat squirming and holding myself now completely enjoying the feeling of being on the brink of an accident. I wanted to keep holding until I completely burst and slowly edging around the drive thru only added to my enjoyment of being in a situation where I was stuck and needing to pee so badly. I reached the speaker box and gave my order whilst trying to sound normal and not sound like I was absolutely dying for a wee and slowly starting to wet my knickers. I gave my order and moved off towards the payment window and I realised how turned on I was trying to hide the desperation in my voice.

When I got to the window I tried to say still and hide my desperation from the guy taking my payment. Sitting still was a bad idea though as the lack of squirming and hands holding myself allowed leaks to start soaking my knickers. Each leak I had to avoid gasping in arousal and finally paid for my stuff. I drove off and immediately grabbed myself again and resumed squirming. Now the leaks had started they wouldn’t stop. I could feel a puddle forming under my bum and it felt so nice. I had to let go of my pee hole and try and look composed as I reached the third window. The girl handed me my drinks and said that they were just waiting on one of my items.

Sitting there leaking pee into my knickers whilst trying to look casual and chatting to a girl was turning me on like crazy. I decided to be really naughty and just opened the floodgates. A torrent burst out of my pussy and soaked through my knickers and flooded all over the seat and all over the floor. I tried not to moan out in relief as I continued chatting to the girl. Casually peeing without her knowing I was doing so was so hot and I couldn’t help but smile. She handed me my final item and I thanked her as I just continued emptying my bladder all over. I drove off and I realised that my pee was puddling on the floor and was slowly dripping through the drainage hole in the corner and I wondered if outside the drive thru window was a puddle from when I wasn’t moving. Eventually my bladder emptied and I sat back and moaned in relief and started gently rocking back and forth so that my soaked knickers rubbed back and forth against my pussy which felt so good.

When I got home I parked my land rover up and grabbed the hose and blasted the seats and floor to get rid of my puddles then went inside and gave Matty his treat from McDonalds…..although he much preferred his pee soaked treat

