DST - Daylight Savings Torture

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-10-30 15:23

We had a rough few days last week with a family member going into hospital for a few days to undergo tests for an unknown problem and the stress and worry of waiting for results and knowing it could potentially be something serious wasn't good. Thankfully by Saturday afternoon they had run a number of tests and scans all coming back negative so they ruled out the problem as being anything serious and arranged for follow up appointments to monitor the situation. This was great news and it meant we could relax and stop worrying. We decided to have a quiet night after the few days we had had so we got a take away, opened a bottle of wine and relaxed for the evening. We watched TV for a while before putting on a film to watch. Before we started the film I went upstairs to change into more comfortable clothes so I could properly relax and whilst there I went to the bathroom and peed,

We started the movie and whilst it was playing we opened another bottle of wine and slowly drank through it and munched on some snacks. Towards the end of the film I noticed I needed to pee and spent the last 15 minutes of it gently squirming and shifting in my seat. When the film finished it was getting late and we decided to head upstairs to relax in bed. I made Matt and I a cup of tea whilst he tidied up and then we headed upstairs. 

As I walked past the main bathroom I was reminded of my need to pee and would have gone in had I not been holding two cups of tea. I went to our room and put the cups down before turning and heading towards our en suite. Matt asked where I was going and I said I was going to pee before I got into bed. He smiled and then it slowly turned into a smirk as he told me I wasn't allowed. In that moment I hadn't even thought about holding it, I was just going to go and pee but hearing him say I wasn't allowed turned me on so much and I suddenly really wanted to enjoy the feeling of holding it.

I walked back to the bed and sat down and he told me that if I wanted to pee I needed his permission. I nodded, feeling excited by him taking control of my bladder and settled myself in to relax. I turned on my laptop and the home screen told me it was almost half past 12. I logged on and starting scrolling through my tumblr feed, adding to my sudden spike of arousal. As time passed I got more and more turned as I visited my favorite websites and my need to gradually got worse. By the time I had finished my cup of tea I was really squirming and wiggling in desperation. I was about a 7 out of 10 and really feeling it. 

The pressure was beginning to build and I always love that feeling. It was now 10 past 1. On my travels through my favorite sites I had come across a few videos that I had downloaded and decided to watch them. I grabbed my headphones and set about watching the new videos I had found and as I was I couldn't help sliding my hand into my knickers and teasing myself. The teasing made my need to pee so much worse and I was soon alternating between touching myself and holding myself. The videos had really turned me on and now my knickers were very wet and I knew that pretty soon there would be two kinds of wetness there. I edged a few times which felt great whilst being so desperate to pee and I soon found myself feeling two kinds of desperate need.

I was so enjoying edging and getting lost in the pleasure that I didn't realize just how close I was to leaking. I suddenly leaked and told Matty what had happened. He smiled and told me how much he was enjoying the show. I continued edging and leaking every so often and kept having to stop and hold myself to stop from losing all control. Edging was helping me keep the leaks at bay despite losing control every so often. Suddenly he grabbed my arm and told me to stop. I stopped touching and he asked me how badly I needed to pee. I told him I was leaking a lot and getting very very close to losing it. He nodded and then asked how badly I wanted to cum.

I squirmed and told him the feeling of my bursting bladder and all the edging had made me need an orgasm so badly. He smiled and then looked at his watch. He told me that I had permission to pee at 2 o'clock and if I was able to hold it until then I would be allowed to cum. I looked at the clock on my laptop and saw it was quarter to 2. I had to hold on for 15 minutes. I could do this. Whilst touching and edging I had been able to control the leaks much easier but now without that the pressure was so much more intense and it was so hard to hold back the leaks. They gradually kept coming and getting more frequent and all I could do was hold myself and bounce my legs in desperation. The time seemed to be going so slowly and I found myself begging for it to hurry up so I could pee.

By 5 minutes to 2 I had started spurting uncontrollably and was desperately trying to hold on just a little longer so I could pee and be able to cum. I focused on my need to cum and used that to concentrating on holding my aching bladder. As the minutes slowly passed I was begging for 2 o'clock to hurry up. My whole body was begging to pee and begging for an orgasm. I was shaking and moaning, just holding back the flood for a couple more minutes. The spurts kept coming, each one making me feel like I was about to explode. I had long since put my laptop down to be able to squirm and was looking at the clock next to the bed. I was watching the two flashing dots that were counting down the seconds. Almost there....so close....and...

The clock changed and I moaned with relief that I had made it and was about to jump up and dash to the bathroom when Matt grabbed my hand and asked what I was doing. I squirmed hard and told him I was about to burst and was going to pee. He shook his head and I protested saying that he had given me permission to go. He smirked and said "i told you you had permission to go and pee at 2 o'clock and if you could hold it until then you could make yourself cum, now tell me what time it is?". I told him it was 2 o'clock and pointed to the clock on my bedside table. I turned back to him then froze. I looked back at the clock which read "01:00". In my feelings of desperation and pleasure I had completely forgot that we were staying DST and that all the clocks were going back one hour. 

I looked at him with pleading eyes and he tapped his watch playfully and said "it isn't 2 o'clock yet so you don't have permission. I writhed and squirmed on the bed on the verge of exploding and flooding everywhere and begged him to let me go pee. He kept me begging for a few minutes before telling me that he wanted to watch me do it and said that I was to stand next to the bed and do it. I quickly jumped out of bed and grabbed a big plastic bowl that we have from by my desk. I put it on the floor next to his side of the bed and stood in it. The moment I knew I was safe to do so my bladder exploded and soaked down my pajama bottoms. The feeling of relief as my aching bladder emptied and the pressure slowly lifted felt orgasmic. I just stood there sighing and moaning as I flooded my knickers and pajamas and filled the bowl I was stood in.

Eventually my bladder emptied and I stood there panting and smiling. The feeling of my wet pajamas clinging to me felt so good and my feet splashing in my warm puddle was so nice. He enjoyed the view for a few minutes before telling me to get out of my wet clothes and quickly jump in the shower whilst he cleaned up. I went and showered and when I came back I dried off and snuggled up under the duvet with him where we had some fun before going to sleep.

*001*2017-10-30 15:42

{{2 minutes ago, Despholder said:

Wooow. Amazing story, looks like the fwo of you had a really great time.

Loved the read, the details and the 'double edging'.

Have to admit that reading this got me turned on really bad.

}}

Hehe, i'm happy you enjoyed it so much

