Full Bladder with soccer

Author: Graphical

*000*2017-07-07 14:26

Hello, welcome to another story. This story happend ehen i was in 13, back in soccer. As I am not the best typer, please Bare In Mind that there will be spelling and grammer mistakes.

I was 13 at the time, and I had joined the Millitary Soccer Team for a while. We were really good, but our coached made us do so. The first and only time we lost a game, we had to practice for 3 hours stright with no bathroom or wated break, but we came an hour before the game to practice, and the actual soccer game was about 45 minutes. So 4 Hours and 45 Minutes of no Bathroom. But this story isn't about that, as I have been able to run for awile without needing a drink. (Some other people, however, were not so lucky). 

This story was about the one of the final games. Our team was a W/L ratio of 11/12. During the final games, the Millitary extended the times. Not much happend during the game, but it was super hot that day, and everyone was drinking, like it was free shots. Halfway into the game, I started to get a feeling like I needed to piss. It wasn't that bad, so i continued. 15 minutes left of the game, i'm goaile, and I am started to have a bad time holding myself. It would be very embarrasing to be holding my Dick infront of atleast 300 people, so i didn't. 5 minutes to go and i'm about to lose it.

Still havent grabbed my Dick becuase well, probably 300 people, and then I realize, in the corner of my eye, there is already a line of desprste people! I'm yelled No inside my head. The game finished (We won, yay, the score was 5-2). I went to the line, and I then realized how bad I needed to go. I then realizes that there is no way I can hold it that long. For those wondering how much I drank, before the game, i drank an entire 1.5L evian, and 2 of those 32 fl.oz gatorades during the game. 

I ran off, and I said out loud "If I Piss myself, no one should be able to see as I am pretty far away for running by this point". Then I realized, my other friend, who I'll call him Jake since he wants people to call him that, was at his house. I called and said "Hey, we won the um soccer game. Can i maybe stay at your place?" Jake had replied "Um, sure... I'm going to be alone for the next 3 hours anyways." I dashed off, and it took me 10 minutes to get there. I was really having to go, grabbing my Dick constsntly and letting out spurts every few minutes. I got to his house, and he trolled me.

As Daniel said "Come in", he had locked the chain om his door. I said "Bro I actually seriously need a Piss". He could tell, but he decided to mess with me some more. He unlocked the chain, but then relocked the door! " I was banging and saying, please let me in, legit i'm about to piss myself". I was Dancing, but luckily no one was around. Then he finally oepned the door, but then he locked his porch door! (Basically, its that door thats in front of your front door, id you want to open your front door but also want it locked. I said " Please st-". Then I lost it. Jake gasped and said "I'm so sorry for messing with you like that". I just said "Let me finish, then let me in". Becuase at this point, i was about halfway empting my bladder.

About 30 seconds go by and i'm done. I just needed to go so bad. He opened his door after I had rang it. I said come look what you did. He nodded, looked and he saw the soaked shorts and puddle on the ground. He asked if i still wanted to come inside. I said "Well, yes. I just need to dry my clothes." He said ok. (The thing about Jake is that hes like my best best friend, as legit somthing like that happend to him. Hd put his clothes in the dryer, and went to my room, but he didnt lock my door on when I came inside, so he dosent mind seeing my Dick, but only becuase I did'nt have clothes to wear. Luckily I wasnt hard lol) And yeah, thats what happend. Chances are I would've pissed my pants in that line, so better just my best friend seeing it then like 300 people, am I right?

I'll be posting more stories soon!

Bye!

Graphical

*002*2017-07-07 23:34

{{4 hours ago, trackboy said:

Adding that up was 3 and a half quarts. No wonder you was busting so badly by end of soccer game. good job with holding it through the game at 13 having drank that much. Did you usually drink a lot before sports? Do you drink a lot during the day?? Were you doing sports in high school? drank a lot in school during the day? A lot after school doing sports or just out and about?? Were the other boys on the soccer team busting for a piss too???

}}

During Sports, I never really drank that much. But on the day of this game, it was 103F. In High School, no I never really took any sports for the High School, as the High School I went to, there sports team kinda sucked ass. (lol) But in High school I took Millitary MWR Sports.

In school, legit, i bring a 20 ounce bottle, drink it thoughout the day, and never go to the bathroom. I have a fairly big Bladder so i've never needed to go during School. To be honest, considering all the soccer players were desprate by the end of the game, i bet some did piss themselves waiting in line. (I waited in line for 2 minutes).

