Interruptions

Author: Guest pseudonymaddie

*000*2015-11-14 10:48

Sighing, I heaved my laptop off my lap and tugged on a hoodie in readiness to make my way to class. I chose not to use bathroom before I left (I was two at most on the scale), and brought a Thermos of tea with me, knowing that this liquid would leave me desperate in a matter of minutes.

{Obligatory description} Full height, I stand about 5' 2" (and filled with rage about it), and my most natural body weight is reasonably slim, but by no means thin. I shaved my head for charity five or so years ago so my hair (brown) falls just below my shoulders, and I'll generally have it in a ponytail. [Today] I wore grey-white jeans (to show the best stain), and a purple tank-top. I believe I was wearing floral sneakers if that interests anybody. My bladder is incredibly variable, so some days I am cursed (blessed) with very weak holding ability, and others I can go for 9 or 10 hours with no mishap.

The air was cold, colder than I was expecting, and I could already feel my bladder lightly fluttering - not any need, but an expectancy - as I crossed my arms over my chest, breath steaming in front of me. My backpack bounced against my back as I walked swiftly to the lecture building.

I took my seat, and a gulp of my drink to warm my dry mouth, before pulling my books out, and waiting for the professor to begin.

Sipping tea every time the teacher took a breath, I drained the flask within the first 40 minutes, taking notes in an attempt to ignore any feeling in my bladder. One hour after I entered the room, I could feel my bladder bulging against my waistband, and the steady filling of tea was getting me close to a 6 on the desperation scale, and I was subtly squeezing my thighs together under the desk.

The lecture broke up for a few minutes of break, and people walked off to stretch their legs or get some water, some fresh air. My resolve to hold until the end was thinning slightly, but an acquaintance who shared the class with me sat in the empty seat next to me, and I was forced to wait.

{I've tried to make the conversations as accurate as possible, but cant promise anything.}

"Hey honey!" She said

"Hi Georgie, what's up?" I replied, nonchalantly crossing my legs, taking the edge off my urge.

"Well ... I was wondering if I could ask you a /huge/ favour?" She bit her lip, clearly in almost as much inner turmoil as I was.

"Shoot."

"You know ... you know your friend Jamie?" Ohhhh, I thought, this was her asking me to set her up. Right.

"Mhm?" I murmured, pretending not to know where the direction of this conversation was going. Honestly, I thought we'd left middle school years ago.

"I was just wondering if you'd help me find a present for him. I mean, Christmas is approaching, and I didn't know what to get. And, well ... "

"You want to make a 'good impression'. Right." I said shortly. She looked hurt. "Sorry," I rephrased, sure my desperation was making me irritable - "Of course I'll come with you, I'm sure I need to buy my family something anyway."

Satisfied, she continued a normal conversation, leaving me no chance to nip to the toilets, though they were just a few paces away. Oh well, I thought I'm sure I can go after ... or not. The pressing of my thighs helped ease how full I felt, for a while.

###

Ten minutes before the end of the talk, I knew I was in trouble. The urge was constant in my mind, and my note-taking ability had deteriorated. I had to go shopping after this? I don't think I can even make it to the end of this lecture. There was some pain now, ache at the base of my bladder, and the shaking of my leg was a constant holding measure. The man beside me gave me a look, and I tried to cool my nerves - still my erratic breathing. It's fine. You can make it Maddie. You can make it. I clenched my teeth in readiness for another wave of desperation. You can't make it. A dribble of urine made its way down my urethra, blossoming on my panties and rubbing against me. Pleasurable, but sky-rocketed my discomfort.

F*ck, f*ck, f*ck I can't make it. I thought. Reaching for my bag, I lifted it over my lap, in the hope that it would hide any further signs, and allow me to hold myself with very little suspicion. I pressed hard on my urethra, and felt a slight relief of the pressure put on my sphincter.

Two minutes before I could get up and leave, the agony in my bladder became temporarily too much. The throbbing ache ceased for a second, and a spurt of two to three seconds hit the front of my panties. Then another. Four in total.

A fist-wide wet patch was already on my crotch, and I slightly elevated myself, so that it would not soak into my butt. The chair had a print of moisture below me. The lecture came to a close, and I shot up from my seat, grabbing my hoodie around my waist. That should hide me for a while I thought.

Georgie walked up from her side of the room, and asked if I was ready to go. I made a snap second decision not to use the toilets near the hall, but to wait until we got to the shopping centre. The urge had died down to a 6 or 7 again from leaks and from finally standing, compressing my bladder less.

###

I knew as soon as I sat down in her car that I had made a mistake. Luckily, her friend Elisa was also tagging along, so I had the back seat all to myself. My urge had shot up again, fluctuating in the 8-9-10's, and if I did not go in the next few minutes, I would be having a full blown accident in my friend’s car. The engine started, and they began smalltalk.

A spurt shot out. One second at most. But then another. I was clenching harder, harder, harder. My muscles shook and the vibrations were not helping. Another spurt. I have to stop peeing! Stop peeing right now! Now slowly wetting myself in the back of the car, less than a metre away from my friends. Internal turmoil was the least you would need to call my emotions.

My desperation was winning the fight against my cowardice at this point, and I yanked my jeans down to my mid thighs, and peed through my panties straight onto the seat for a solid four or five seconds. They can't hear it can they? It's pretty loud. Oh but it feels so good. Then I heard a voice from the front.

"Alright back there Madds?"

My muscles clenched painfully in surprise and fear, cutting short the orgasmic relief I was experiencing, filling my panties with warmth. I realised she wasn't looking back - Of course she's not, she's driving I reprimanded myself - she was just noticing my silence in conversation. I was now overwhelmed with a surge of guilt over what I'd done. There was a puddle of urine underneath me. It will take her ages to get the smell out. Then I reminded myself of the amount of liquid I had drunk - it probably equates to just water anyway. To cover my deliberate-accident, I moved to the other side of the vehicle, pulling my trousers back up and mumbling something about spilling a drink.

By the time we reached the shopping centre, my urge was back at a four or 5, even after my long seconds of release, and though I thought I should probably talk to the others about finding a bathroom soon, my shyness and not wanting to attract suspicion about the puddle in the back prevented me.

We walked the isles of shop after shop, seemingly aimlessly, but I managed to select an appropriate jumper on Georgies behalf, and a few cheap bottles of wine for my relations. In the checkout queue I leaked again, completely unaware that I had to go so badly, but the desperation immediately resurfacing as soon as I felt wetness spread in my knickers.

"Hey, could we use the bathroom before we go?" I asked Georgie after we paid.

"Is it okay if we don't? I promised I'd take Elisa to work after this." Elise worked from 6 until 9 at a local pub.

"I don't mean to cause any trouble for you guys, I can just walk back to my flat."

"Sure?" Asked Elisa.

"Yeah I'm good, I can make my own way home."

I parted from the girls, and as soon as they were out of sight, began clutching my crotch.

9 now, I stumbled my way to the toilets in the hope of getting to them before they closed. No such luck. I would be forced to waddle my way home on a full bladder. I don’t think I can make it. I said to myself for the second time that day.

The first part of the walk was a blur, my stumbling steps and the pain and blurry eyes of desperation, wine bottles clinking together in my bag. The movement was the only thing keeping me from losing it, and a crossing four or five streets away from my house was where the first leak began, shooting down the inside of my leg now that I was standing. I cut it off with my hand pressing against my crotch, but I couldn’t quite reach the perfect position to hold myself, and the pee was in danger of forcing its way out again.

Four streets away I said to myself, my hand now consistently holding my crotch. Three streets. Two to go. My muscles twitched again and another spurt sprayed out, all the way to the pavement below. I put my hands down my pants at this point, not caring who saw, just so that I could physically stop the flow. My labia were warm and wet against my fingers.

I took a step, only a hundred metres from my house now, but I knew I couldn’t take another. My legs were clenched so tightly they shook, and I felt stuck on the verge of tears, even more on the verge of flooding all down myself in urine. Another gush warmed my trembling fingers, and I made a mad dash for it, urine slowly releasing from my aching bladder and running down my legs. I reached my front door, the flow not completely stopped but nonetheless stemmed a little. Hands fumbling for keys, pain in my abdomen, pleasure peaking down below.

I entered my flat, and my bladder stuttered. Nobody else home, I thanked the gods, and ran, ripping off my bag on the way, to the bathroom.

But this was too much for the sloshing tide of water in my abdomen, and it released its load as I stood in the doorway. I was stock still, enjoying the feeling, the final, prolonged relief, and watching my urine splatter over the carpet, a puddle visibly appearing.

I pulled down my jeans to my knees, and viewed my stream of urine falling to my panties and utterly soaking my already soaked lower body.

Oh the release; my orgasm was verging, I could feel it, and I teased my aching lower regions before the last streams had even left my body.

