How to re-fill your bladder quickly (from the faucet!)

Author: Guest

*000*2018-12-04 08:51

MODERATOR EDIT: DO NOT ATTEMPT THE ACTIONS DESCRIBED BELOW. You place yourself at extreme risk for infection and injury. Anyone doing so does so at their own risk, this post is archived for context only.

I'm completely new to posting here. I've been on this site for years now, but I've been pretty shy to actually post anything. But now my wife is divorcing me and I'm alone in a foreign country and looking for a community. Happy to get some feedback if I'm posting in the wrong place or anything, just tell me.

This is an "experience" as the forum name says, but more like something I discovered that I thought might be useful to other people.

TL;DR, it's possible to fill up your bladder directly from the tap (aka "faucet", for those living abroad). For those without the right household plumbing, an alternative is given below which also works.

Why?

First I'll say why this is useful. Depending on what you like about omorashi, reaching a full bladder quickly means you don't need to plan hours ahead. It also gives you the ability to "pee" (mostly water) multiple times in a session, if you want to have fun different ways.

If you just care about bladder pressure, for example you enjoy the pressure against your g-spot or prostate while having sex or whatever, this is a quick way to get the pressure without hours of hard work "holding on".

I imagine, but can't confirm in practice, that some willing partners would prefer watersports where the pee is really mostly water. I never introduced this technique to my ex wife, but I know she particularly didn't like the smell of urine, so this could have been a potential solution to have some level of compromise if I'd ever been comfortable enough to suggest it.

The downside of course is that it's not real pee, so it takes some of the fun out of it. Good for some things, not for others, YMMV.

First Method

I discovered this in the bath when I was a kid. I found that I could unscrew the shower head, leaving only the shower hose, which has an internal diameter of about half a centimeter (quarter or an inch). To do this method, you need to turn the flow rate right down, and make sure that the water isn't too hot. The speed of flow should be slower than the rate you'd normally pee at.

Then press the nozzle flush against your urethral opening. For men I think this is slightly more difficult because the hole is not "anchored" to the body and when you grip the head to anchor it you are also inevitably also tightening around the urethra which restricts flow. Although I haven't heard of any woman trying it so this is just speculation -- please comment if you do!

When you press the nozzle against your opening, if you've done it right you should feel your urethra inflate with water. Depending on how relaxed your urethral sphincter muscles are, water may flow immediately into your bladder (which has a sensation similar to peeing). Your urethra has two sphincter muscles -- one voluntary, and one involuntary. Relaxing the voluntary muscle is just mind over matter -- you just need to release as if you're peeing. To relax the involuntary sphincter, for me it helped to clench as if holding my pee (these two actions are contradictory, I know).

By signaling to your body that you're voluntarily holding, your autonomic system may let go a bit, and then when you release your voluntary muscles as well then water may start to flow. So getting water in is a balance between clenching just enough but not too much (for me this is similar to the amount of clenching you do when you have an accident and you're really trying to hold on but your muscles are too tired to). This is most challenging the first few times since it's an unusual feeling and causes everything to "lock up", but gets easier as you learn to relax to let it in.

As water flows in, it may feel a bit like you're peeing, and your body may respond by tensing the detrusor muscle around your bladder to "kindly" help you expel. This is nothing to worry about, and I personally find this quite pleasant, especially as the bladder fills more, since it's almost like the sensation when you're having an accident -- your bladder may go from mildly tensing to the kind of contractions/spasms that happen when you have an accident.

Second Method

For those whose shower heads aren't detachable or are not on a shower hose, there's an alternative method I've tried with a lot of success. It might actually be a better method, but it requires a bit more prep.

Go to your hardware store and buy a few meters of flexible plastic tubing of about 3-5 mm internal diameter. Then fill a jug with warm water, and siphon the water out, following roughly the same method as above, holding the end of the tube against your urethra.

I found it makes things easier if you tape the other end of the tube to the inside of the jug using duct-tape so you don't need to worry about both ends. Put the jug somewhere reasonably high up -- I have a window sill in the bathroom that's just above head height. The water pressure is linearly proportional to the height difference between the water level in the jug and the exit of the pipe, meaning the higher the jug is, the harder the force.

If you use the same pipe multiple times, I suggest you sterilize it before each use by running boiling water through it, and don't let it sit around wet after each use (I swing it around rapidly to get all the drops out and then leave it out to dry). You don't want bacteria to grow in the pipe and then be washed into your body.

There are a few easy ways to start the siphon. The first is that you can suck a bit on the pipe. Just don't do it in such a way that you get bacteria from your mouth on the end of the pipe or inside it. It's obviously fine to have some mouth bacteria on a urethra (cunnilingus anyone?), but I'm sure it's not well studied as to what happens when such bacteria is forced all the way into your bladder. The second method which I use sometimes, is to pre-fill part of the pipe with water, for example by just submerging the whole pipe in the jug before you start. Block one end off with your finger (hope you've washed your hands) or put a kink in the end, and bring it out of the jug (and bring it below the level of the jug water), it will start flowing immediately on its own.

Once the water starts flowing, follow the same instructions as the first method.

Advantages of this method:

1. If you don't spill, you know exactly how much water went into your bladder.

2. You can carefully control the pressure by adjusting the height of the jug and height of your urethra. For example you can start out standing and then kneel down as you want to increase the pressure.

3. The pressure is generally a lot less than what's coming out of the tap/faucet. If your bladder contracts/spasms during the process to helpfully void, it's perfectly fine and will just force water back up the pipe, and then when it relaxes again you can fill further. I feel like this is probably healthier, since it gives your body a chance to do what it does naturally and won't force it past the pressure you choose.

4. This will also help when you're just getting started with this, because if you don't relax your muscles enough then nothing will happen. As opposed to the shower head method where if you don't release your muscles then the pressure in your urethra will just keep building up until it comes out somewhere (normally back out around the seal)

5. Although I haven't done this, you have better control over the type of water you use. You could use sterile water, or distilled water, water with coloring (your golden showers might not be golden anymore!), or flavored water. Artificial sweeteners are also known to naturally be expelled through the urinary system and are probably safe to use. I would avoid sugars and juices obviously because they facilitate bacterial growth (if you do use any exotic substances, be sure to drink lots of water to flush them out afterward).

6. You can control the flow of water by putting a kink into the pipe. So once you have the siphon started, you can can stop the flow until you're ready for it.

7. The smaller pipe is easier to perfectly place on your urethra, and easier to get a good seal

There is also a hybrid method where you slide a plastic pipe into the shower hose which provides some advantages of both.

Warnings:

- I am not a doctor. If you feel uncomfortable doing this, just don't.

- In the case of the shower-head, sometimes air can get into the bladder along with the water. This hasn't caused me any problems, but it's the weirdest feeling when it comes out again! (in little bubbles)

- Women have another advantage here in that they don't have anything else attached to the urethra -- the urethral opening connects straight to the bladder -- while men have the ejaculatory duct and testicles linked into the same "pipe". Sometimes some slight discomfort can result, but for me it goes away and has not been a problem.

- Since your muscles aren't tired from holding for hours to get to a certain fullness, you might be physically capable of holding a lot more than you really should. Bear this in mind when judging your limits.

- I guess it goes without saying that you should be careful how hard you push yourself. When you're holding naturally, your body essentially has a safety measure where eventually you'll just have an accident if you hold too much. But using these methods, you have to decide your level of safety yourself.

Anyway. Let me know what you think of it, and if you have have any issues. It would be great to have both female and male instructional photos on here (maybe not right at the top of the thread through in case some people don't want to see that). I will be happy to contribute from the male side but only if someone from the female side is able to help out as well.

I'm also really curious to know what kinds of problems people run into.

