Celebrated a bit too hard

Author: Guest

*000*2023-03-29 03:23

Its a long post, I know, but it’s worth the read, I promise.

One of my wife’s new years resolutions has been to lose a little weight, and slowly but surely, it’s been successful. She is down a pant size or two, so her old pants are falling off her a bit. Shes been wearing a belt more often because of this and has had to buckle it tighter. Keep that in mind, that came back to bite her in the ass later.

As a celebration we went to dinner and a movie and just got whatever we wanted, basically a cheat day. She had a margarita at dinner, but she used that bathroom before hand so I didn’t think it would be an issue, or so I thought. We got popcorn and soda at the theater too.

About a third of the way into the movie, I noticed her moving oddly. The kind of movement where you really have to pee and you’re trying to hide it. I didn’t bring it up and tried to concentrate on the movie, but since that moment, I kept looking over at her every few seconds out of curiosity.

Near the end of the movie, she had both her hands in her crotch and was leaning forward on edge of her seat while crossing her legs.

“I told you you shouldn’t have gotten soda.” I whispered.

“I know! I just haven’t had soda in a while, so I wanted to reward myself.”

“By peeing your pants in public?”

“Shut up, I’m not gonna pee my pants, I can hold it!”

This went on for like a minute longer before we finally shut up and focused on the movie. She kept leaning forward 90% of the time. It seemed as if every time she tried to lean back, the pressure on her bladder would be too great and she would need to lean back forward. She tried to loosen her belt whenever she leaned back, but since she could only do it for a few seconds, that wasnt enough time for her to try to loosen her tight belt. Her bladder was definitely bulging at this point.

When the movie finished, she immediately bolted towards the exit and made a beeline to the bathroom. The line for the ladies was out the door, but for a movie theater after a movie just ended, that is pretty standard. The line was actually one of the shorter post-movie lines I’ve seen, but still longer than a typical mens room line post-movie.

Anyway, I saw her furiously potty dancing, which turned me on so much, I was worried my boner was going to show. She went into the ladies and I lost sight of her. Maybe 15 minutes later, she came out, hoodie tied around her waist, face extremely red. We all know what that means. She quickly walked towards the exit and waved me over, but I stood there instead. She turned around after a couple seconds when she realized I wasn’t following and waved me over in an urgent way. She was so embarrassed by whatever had happened that she was itching to get out asap.

She was blushing super hard on the car ride home, insisting that she didn’t want to talk about it, but she told me what happened when we got home.

When we got home, she finally took off her hoodie and revealed her soaked jeans. I wasn’t surprised at all, but seeing it in all its glory really excited me. Then, she finally explained the whole story.

She first tried to pee back at the restaurant, but the place we went to was small, so there was really only two stalls and a sink. She waited for a couple minutes but got impatient and left because she didn’t want us to be late to the movie.

Her need to pee wasn’t really there all that much when we arrived at the theater, so she’s got her drinks and sat, but during the movie, the urge came on, and got worse and worse as the movie went on. Then events transpired as I stated.

When she got into the ladies room. She kept on furiously potty dancing and got sone weird looks. She was spurting well before reaching the toilet. By the time she was next in line, she had a very noticeable and decently sized wet spot showing on the back and front of her jeans, basically broadcasting to everyone in the ladies room that she was peeing her pants. She lost control just as she got into the stall and locked the door. She managed to stop the flow momentarily to try and unbuckle her belt, but since she was leaning forward and the belt was really tight, she couldn’t get it undone in time. She tried to lean back, and that’s when her muscles finally gave out. She struggled for a few seconds before giving up and sitting on the toilet, peeing straight through her jeans. When she finished, she finally got her pants down and inspected the damage, cleaned up the best she could, wrapped the hoodie around her waist, washed her hands and left.

Obviously having any accident is pretty mortifying, but like all accidents my wife has had, she was in good spirits after getting over the initial shock. I teased her relentlessly for it, as per usual. Since we got home late and everyone was asleep, we both drank a couple beers and I got to see her desperate again. I got to see her struggle to undo her belt again, but this time she made it and breathed a huge sigh of relief. After that, we did, uh, “cardio,” showered, and went to sleep. The next morning, she woke up desperate from her weakened bladder from the night before, so I got to tease her again before I let her pee.

