Secret wetting while on video chat

Author: Gamerman

*000*2018-03-10 03:27

So this happened about a couple months ago. I came home from work, took off my uniform and had a quick shower before I take my usual mid day nap. Its around 5:30 when i lay in bed and set my alarm for 8:30pm. (Yes i know my naps are long and sometimes the length of a full sleep) I later wake up to my alarm blasting in my ear looking for the yellow snooze button on my Iphone. I hit snooze and lay on my back, when i feel a pressure of me needing to pee. I ignore it as i am too comfortable and tired to get out of bed right away, along with the amazing feeling i have holding it. I tend to fall back to sleep for a few minutes before my alarm goes off again and i finally get up to go about my night. 

I get up, put on some grey sweats and a shirt when i hear someone message me. It was one of my girl friends ive known since i was 13. She wanted to know if i wanted to video chat with her and another mutual friend. So i reply with a “sure let me set up my ipad” and do just that. By this time im about at a 8.5 out of 10 but feel like holding it more. This is when i had the idea of trying to completely pee myself while on video chat but make sure no one even notices.

I set up my ipad and chug a bottle of water and get the video call. I quickly grab a folded up towel, place it on my chair, sit in the towel and answer. We all greet each other with our “heys” and “what uuup” and start chatting about random things throughout our day. About 15 minutes into the call i feel all the water i just drank hit my bladder, hard. I went from an 8.5 to a 9.5 really quick. I start easing my hand down and hold myself discretely and keep chatting. A few minutes go by and they both go to grab something to snack on and by then i could finally hold myself with both hands. I shove one hand under my sweats but above my briefs and the other ontop of my hand to keep pressure. They come back and i go back to normal. As i remove my hand i feel myself lose a bit as it started to get a bit warm around my crotch area. It felt so good but i held it a bit more so it didnt pour out onto the floor and make a loud noise.

Another couple minutes go by and i start to give in. As im listening and chatting i start peeing a little at a time. The first spurts come out into my briefs and i fell that warm and wetness spread and get onto my sweats. I take a quick look down to see how much i let out and i notice a wet spot the size of my palm already formed. I continue chatting and let out some more, starting to feel the warmth spread to my thighs and a couple drops go down my right leg. I secretly put my hand under my sweats to try and hold it a bit but by this point i had to go now.

I relaxed and started peeing completely, knowing at this point it wouldnt make noise on the floor. I continue peeing, having it spread through my entire front half of my sweats and fill the towel completely. After about a minute of peeing, i finish and continue chatting for about 20 more minutes before i told then i had to go to sleep for work the next morning. I hang up and check the damage. My sweats went from light grey. To dark grey completely. I take a shower, clean up and get ready for bed and think of another time i could possibly do the same thing again.

