Couldn’t get my swimsuit off

Author: Guest hallie

*000*2020-11-01 18:36

I’ve been into omo since as long as i can remember, and I’ve done holds for many years, but I’ve rarely had an accident that wasn’t on purpose. A few weeks ago was one of those rare times. Enjoy 🙂

It was the late afternoon, and for the past few hours i had been swimming at the pool. The last time i had used the bathroom was some time before getting my swimsuit on. It zips up at the back, has long sleeves, and the pant legs go down to just above my knees. Not a fun time removing the whole thing just to pee. I’ve never been one to pee in the pool while swimming- I’m not sure why, perhaps it’s because subconsciously i like to hold, but this meant by the time i got home i hadn’t peed for hours, and it wasn’t until i got out the car that i realised how bad i had to go. Nothing omo related was on my mind, i was simply set on getting in the shower and changing into my pjs. I rushed inside pretty quickly, bypassing saying hello to my dog (usually a must!) and went straight into the bathroom, dropping my things on the countertop and doing a desperate dance while i quickly checked my phone for messages (where were my priorities at lol) now here’s the fun part.

I’m not sure if you’ve ever tried to remove a damp skin tight swimsuit, but it isn’t exactly easy. The tight sleeves made it extremely difficult to reach the zipper between my shoulder blades, i couldn’t stretch far enough- i was also extremely worn out from swimming too! A lack of energy + fidgeting so that i didn’t wet myself did not help my situation, and it was at that point that i felt my first leak. I froze. I literally gasped. My thigh went warm as a small stream of pee dripped down it. I started bouncing in panic, doing all sorts of stretches to move my arms in the restrictive material- it felt hopeless.

I was so wrapped up in the genuine rush and panic that I’m pretty sure i forgot that omo existed lol! I was definitely not enjoying this- i didn’t even think that wetting myself was an option. My adrenaline gave me an incredible amount of determination and i actually reached the zipper, giving it quick tug down to where i could reach it- i was so relieved that i relaxed too much by mistake, and i felt a hot spurt of pee gush out of me. It dripped down my leg and onto the floor- i looked down at the tiny yellow puddle in shock. I had to of been bright red. Surely i wasn’t actually making a mess right?

I’m a perfectly capable adult! I couldn’t process what was happening. I got the zipper down, and now i was back to fidgeting across the tiles, feeling embarrassed as i stepped in the small puddle by mistake. I remember thinking thank god I’m on tiles, since they’re easier to clean (again, my priorities in all the wrong places) but i got my zipper all the way down, and i was desperately trying to pull my arms out of the tight sleeves- it wasn’t budging. Genuinely. I looked over at the shower feeling absolutely defeated, legs crossed, thighs pressed desperately together, and that’s when i leaked again. This time it was much more, and i remember the heat feeling amplified because of how cold and damp my swimsuit was- i had been freezing when i got home.

My crotch felt so warm and in that moment i forgot that was a no-no, and i let go. By the time i realised i was truely wetting myself, it was too late, i was already a good 5 seconds in and i didn’t have the strength to stop the stream. At this point my legs had uncrossed, and all the muscles in my body seemed to relax. It felt really really good. Even the warm puddle surrounding my feet felt oddly nice. My pee was audibly hitting the tiles below me and i felt both humiliated and turned on. 

It wasn’t until the desperation had stopped that i knew it was okay to let go. That there weren’t any repercussions- and i spent the final 10 seconds of letting go with my hand on my crotch feeling pee drip down all over my hand. Once it was over i felt so relieved and it felt like my whole body was tingling- it was such a good feeling. I sluggishly got into the shower, swimsuit still on, and just stood under the hot stream for 5 minutes before attempting to take my swimsuit off again. I guess it would of been easier to just pee in the pool huh.

&&

