Josie’s bikini wee

Author: Good Josie

*000*2023-04-26 18:19

Hi sorry first time on here so don’t really understand how it works! I’m going to tell a story of one of my earliest wetting experiences. Sorry it’s not written too well.

Josie was enjoying the Southern France sun beating down on her. The holiday with her dad and sister was turning out to be relaxing, but for whatever reason, she couldn’t get rid of her kinky thoughts. She wanted to wet herself. She needed to wet herself. They spent a few days around an outside pool. One day, she worked up the courage to sit at the edge of the pool with her legs dangling in, and slowly let out a small wee. That felt good, but she wanted more. She wanted a proper wetting accident. Josie wanted to feel that rush of uncontrollable wee spilling out of her tiny bikini. On the last poolside day, she decided she would do it.

This was her last chance after all. She used the bathroom when they grabbed lunch from the cramped apartment, and then set to filling her bladder. It wasn’t hard to drink plenty in the heat. Within a couple of hours, her bladder was full. She kept drinking until it was starting to ache. 

She was ready for this. But when the time came, she couldn’t bring herself to let it out. Josie was afraid of being seen, and as she got more desperate, hopping from foot to foot, she realised there was no way to do this. Regretful, she trudged to the dank little toilet to relieve herself of the pain and pressure built up. 

But the best was yet to come for Josie. The toilet consisted of two little cubicles, half in darkness due to the light being broken, and two sinks. Josie rushed into one cubicle and screamed. A large lizard was sat inside the toilet bowl and frightened her! She wasn’t usually afraid of creatures like this, but in the partial darkness it had freaked her out and she ran back out. 

She was too afraid to enter either cubicle now, and she needed this wee desperately. She knew she was too nervous to wet herself outside but she now couldn’t wait any longer. Panicking, she surveyed her options. Go back outside, and likely wet herself very quickly, in sight of her dad and younger sister. Or, wee in the bathroom. She decided on the latter, but couldn’t face the toilets.

She was shaking, desperate and still a little scared from the lizard encounter. With no other feasible option, she hopped onto the counter and positioned her ass in one of the sinks. Before Josie could second-guess herself, her wee came gushing out. Her bikini bottoms immediately filled up, bulging out as the liquid couldn’t escape fast enough, and spilling out from all directions.

Josie cried as she wet herself, and pushed her hands against her vulva. What if someone walked in!? Her she was, a young woman, grabbing herself, weeing through her bikini and all over her hands, sat in a sink because she was pathetically frightened of a lizard, crying her eyes out! What a sight that would be! The wee felt incredible. Josie moaned slightly through her tears. 

As her wee eased off, she slipped a hand inside her bikini and rubbed her clit gently. The relief and pleasure was a beautiful feeling, and although it wasn’t how she planned, Josie treasured the memory of the big accident she had in a sink.

PS - I washed the sink out very thoroughly after as I felt so bad!

