Josie in the rain

Author: Good Josie

*000*2023-04-26 19:15

Hiya, Josie here! Writing lots of posts as I finally got an account to share my stories on. This is one of my most recent ‘accidents’!

Josie needed a wee. She hadn’t gone since before she left the house, at least 3 hours ago now. She’d been exercising too, so she’d been drinking a lot of water. Still, the walk home was only 40 minutes, and she wanted to wee on the way rather than in the gym toilet. She had decided was was finally ready for a public wee, and the rain was the perfect excuse. 

As she neared home, following the river, she decided on a bench as her potty, but as she approached, some kids were sat nearby and nerves got the better of her. But Josie was desperate - desperate to wet, not to use a toilet. Piss play, omorashi, weeing her panties, whatever you want to call it, was Josie’s stress relief. The feeling was like nothing else. Josie decided to sit down on the large steps looking over the river. She sat on the top step, ready to answer nature’s now rather urgent call. 

However, a man was sat further along the wall, and people were walking past. Josie was nervous. But she knew she could do it. Nobody was paying her any attention. Taking a deep breath, she relaxed her muscles and pushed slightly to encourage the ‘accident’ to start. And there it was. The warm wee spilled out of her, pooling around her wet bottom, spilling down the stairs. She sat with her legs side open to spare her shoes. She thought the rain would hide her naughty weeing, but it was little more than a drizzle now, and the concrete steps were damp but not enough to hide the waterfall gushing from her bladder.

It was quite obvious she was having a wee in her panties and sports leggings. Her cheeks flushed but she couldn’t stop now. The wee spilt down all three steps, leaving large puddles of piddle. She was sat in the biggest puddle, the one drenching her ass, and smiled. When she finished the walk home, she tied her coat around her waist so that her neighbours wouldn’t see her unmistakeable soggy ass, her panties and leggings sagging with the weight of her absorbed wee. When she got home she sat down and let out some extra wee on her carpet before heading for a shower.

PS. Sometimes I feel I need to wet myself! I need to indulge in this habit to relieve stress. Many of my experiences centre around needing to have an accident and refusing to go potty.

