Drunk Friend accident

Author: Guest

*000*2021-01-01 20:23

Hey everyone!! Some of you may know me from (University Accidents) in Fanfiction ....but I finally have a true story!!

Bit of back story before I start. Daisy (the girl who told me this story) is one of my "Snapchat" friends. I met her whilst at University, and yes, we had some fun - but we both knew it was never going to lead anywhere serious. Although, we did have one thing in common... and that was a pee kink. Hers was more watching people pee and the sound of it, whilst mine, more desperation and accidents. She'd often tell me stories about her friends peeing in public etc but there was never anything 'major'. Anyways that kind of changed...

So she wished me Merry Christmas (on snapchat), and I returned the favour. We hadn't really spoken since the start of lockdown (March 2020) as things just faded away so we had a lot of catching up to do. After all the chitchat, I asked if she still had the pee kink, and she replied saying yes, course. We sort of teased each other for a bit and then she told me she had a story that I'd love....

I asked for as much detail as possible (as any Omo lover would). She then proceeded to send three voice chats...so I thought I'd write out exactly what she said.

(Daisy) Voice note 1: You're gonna love this. Right...so basically...once the first lockdown ended and the bars re-opened. Me, Victoria and Kacy went out. I'll send you a pic of us on that night ...cos you'll probs think she's cute...(laugh). So I wouldn't say it was a wild night...may be a little...we did get kinda smashed but...yeah. (pause) We'd been drinking for like three hours, so may be we were fucking smashed, I don't even know... (pause) So the bar closed at like 10ish...I think...and all I remember was everyone crowding out on to the street. It was like a fucking free-for-all...we nearly lost Kacy about five times.

I think cos no one had drank for months...everyones tolerance had gone down if you get me? (pause) So we're all stood outside waiting for a taxi to come, must've been stood for like twenty minutes and basically Vic turns to me and says "D, I'm desperate for pee." I don't even remember what I said back, probably something stupid like "just go here..." You know me, any opportunity for a public piss. (laughs) Nahhh...I'm jokinggggg, I think I said we'll be home soon...it'll be fine.

After voice note 1 she sent the pic and I'll do my best to describe it. All three girls were wearing tight dresses. Daisy's was pink, Victoria's white, and Kacy's yellow. Daisy is a little busty and around 5ft6, pretty sexy body (in my opinion) whilst the other two girls are a little more petit. Kacy has jet black hair and a fringe. Victoria is more of the 'naturally' pretty one. Anyways back to the voice notes...

(Daisy) Voice note 2: Can't lie...my sense of time when drunk is fucking awful but we we were probably stood for another twenty minutes...it felt like forever before the taxi came. Vic had mentioned a couple times that she needed a pee really badly...and I genuinely thought we were gonna have to stop the taxi but I think we were all so drunk we just wanted to get home. (laugh) I do remember her legs being tightly crossed and kinda bobbing so she must've been pretty desperate...we've all been there to be honest. (pause)

So we dropped Kacy off, and then its like another five minutes to mine. I think I said something like "don't piss in the cab Vic" and we both laughed but Vic was super mad at me cos the laughing didn't help her at all...but its funny you know...teasing someone when they're desperate. You would've loved it you perv! (laugh) Anyways...so we get back home cos she was staying at mine and when we walk in my fucking mum is still up and like... she's half way down a bottle of wine (laugh).... It was so jokes (pause).....Is that enough detail for you...best bit to come.

As you can imagine at this point, I was loving it.

(Daisy) Voice note 3: So we've just got in from the night out...we're smashed and then my mum makes us sit down and finish the bottle with her (laugh) ...and I haven't seen my mum this drunk in agessss....like...she's cracking jokes about my dad...the jokes you really don't wanna hear. (pause) Anyways...so we're sat at the table, listening to my mum and to be honest it was kinda funny, I was cringing but also laughing if you get me?...and then suddenly whilst my mum is talking Vic just pushes her chair back and says she's gonna use the bathroom... (pause)

Now...Vic is usually calm and composed about these sorta things, she's never had a public piss like me but her face was soooo red when she stood up and thinking about how long it had actually been since we left the club, it wouldn't have surprised me if she'd actually pissed herself a bit...she was laughing at the jokes too... but I can't be sure so don't get your hopes up. And she came down five minutes later like nothing happened. (pause) Here's the thing though...

I go upstairs ten minutes later cos I'm fucking bursting and the bathroom floor is a bit wet...not like after you get out the shower though...like sticky wet... and its in patches across the floor. (pause) Andddd when I dried my hands on the towel afterwards, it was soaked and it smelt (laugh) Soooo my only explanation is that she pissed in her knickers a bit trying to pull her dress up or something...and then had to try and clean up. (pause)...ohh and one final thing...which for me was the proof. In the morning when she put her dress back on to go home, I could've sworn there was a stain below her bum....and before you ask...no I have't asked her cos she'd never admit it.

So there it is!! Let me know what you think?

(if I'm honest I'd love to hear Victoria's side of the story)

