Don’t be shy, admit your urge

Author: Guest

*000*2022-12-05 05:34

As the title suggests, my wife really should have used the bathroom. We went to a friend house and had some drinks. Nothing alcoholic, just water, smoothies that our friend made, and some other things. After we left, I noticed that on the drive back, her body was tended up. Then her hands went to her legs to rub them, and then her crotch. I still didn’t say anything. Eventually, she broke the silence.

“I really should have used the bathroom before we left.”

“Definitely, because now you have to hold it for half an hour more” (it was a 45-60 minute drive)

“What? NO! I can’t hold it that long!”

I smiled and said teasingly, “well, you really should have used the bathroom before we left.”

She rolled her eyes and groaned. When we had about 10 minutes to go, I looked over and saw that she was incredibly frantic. She was bending over and her legs were squeezed as tight as they can be. She had a very worried look on her face, and I started to realize that she genuinely might not make it.

“You want me to pull over?”

”NO! I can hold it!”

She was huffing and puffing and started whispering to herself “cmon cmon you’re a big girl you can hold it, cmon, fuck!”

About 5 minutes later, she said “pull over.”

”I thought-“

”NOW! IM GONNA PISS MYSELF I CANT WAIT!!!”

I couldn’t help but laugh and I think she thought I was going to refuse, because she had a pleasing look on her face. I pulled over and she quickly hopped out.

“FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! HURRY UP!” She barely got her belt undone in time and peed her life away. When she got back in the car, it looked like she just finished an intense workout. She was slowing down her breathing and her face was super red. When we arrived home, she took off her jeans and inspected the damage. Soaked panties. She wore them for a while before finally taking them off and going to bed.

