Scuba class

Author: Guest

*000*2021-11-09 20:11

So, I had a pretty kickass day at work today. I’m part of a small team of rescue divers and we got 4 new recruits today; all pretty attractive girls in their mid 20s-early 30s. Our instructor was teaching us basic skills in a shallow pool about 4 feet deep. The girls were standing around myself and the instructor in a semi-circle. The instructor would teach them a technique and I would go underwater to demonstrate while they all watched.

Anyone who’s ever been diving knows that you’ll have to piss like a racehorse pretty quickly. They say there are 2 types of divers: those who pee in their wetsuit, and liars. You’ll either absorb or swallow the water and something about it makes most people have to piss their kidneys out every 15 minutes. Most of us on the team aren’t shy about it anymore and we’ll just go in the water whenever we feel the urge. These young ladies however still had a sense of modesty about them and after a while they were all squirming.

I had a VERY difficult time keeping my professionalism. I was literally on my knees for most of this class, surrounded by 4 cuties, all of them doing a full on pee pee dance, doing their best to keep from flooding their bikini bottoms.

Mind you, NOBODY on the team knows about me or my fetish. If someone pees around us, it’s business as usual to them and they laugh it off while I try to keep my eyes from bugging out. The squirming went on for like an hour before my instructor finally called them out on it. “Look, the pool is full of chlorine. You aren’t the first and you won’t be the last. Just piss in your suits”

They all gave out girlish squeals of “Ew no!!!” And busted out giggling. A few minutes later, I went to demonstrate another technique and as I sank under the surface, I heard one girl say “Oh fuck. I’m pissing.” She held herself in desperation, but nothing was stopping it. You could feel the water get slightly warmer and her face get red with embarrassment. Her uncontrollable pissing got the others laughing, and within a minute I was literally surrounded by warm water as they all flooded themselves at once.

It was over as quickly as it happened and I had to suddenly straighten up and pretend I didn’t enjoy the fuck out of that. I hope they enjoyed our lesson and come back soon

