I peed my pant's in front of my whole class !

Author: Guest flameono

*000*2016-03-24 19:10

I remember this like it was yesterday I was in my first grade class we had a substitute teacher . I was a very shy child when I was young

, and for whatever reason it always made me nervous to talk especially to adults. Anyways we were all sitting down , and I had the sudden urge to just go to the restroom. I nervously raised my hand , and asked if I could go. The teacher instead just told me to be quiet and get back to work she seemed really stern , and mean. So I was quiet for probably about a few seconds , and I tried again to ask to go to the restroom , but instead she reprimanded me by pointing out to me to speak up , and not stutter , and speak up like a big girl. This made all the kids laugh as they all watched me get yelled at. To be honest I think everyone was afraid of that sub I always did kind of forget her name though. But I'll never forget her fierce blue eyes. That stern look , and her washed out blond hair. This woman was scary.

Anyways on my third attempt she threatened to wash my mouth out with soap if I did not ask properly. I knew I couldn't hold it anymore, and as I watched all kids laughing at me , and the teacher frown at me I just desperately , for the first time felt my voice become more louder , and clearer than it ever had before. I asked with all my might

'' Please ms. Please can I go to the bathroom''.

Once again she told me since I failed to ask correctly that I could not go to the bathroom , and if I had one more outburst my mouth would be washed out with soap. I think the last question she said was rhetorical , but my six year old mind did not understand when she uttered those fateful words.

'' If you have to go so bad then just go''.

As she said those word's I nervously shut my eyes made my way out of my seat , and went to the middle of the aisle , and I shut my eyes tight , and said . ''Ok''!

Then I pulled my tights down , and I just peed , so hard all over the place the kid's all gasped the teacher went into a mad shock , and

I was , so embrassed , and humiliated , but what choice did i have . I didn't want to get my mouth washed out with soap , and she told me to go ahead , and go , so I did. After I had finished i heard all the kids laughing , and calling me names , and jeering at me. The teacher was very angry . I got , so scared , so I just pulled up my soaked tights , and ran as fast as I could out of that classroom that school . And I remember how uncomfortable I felt with my tights on , and I knew my mom would get mad if she found out I peed my pants. So I jumped into a mud puddle , and rolled all over it , and I ran all the way home.

