Caught Bedwetting away from home!!! So embarrassing.

Author: Guest DarthBane93

*000*2020-03-27 09:29

Had an experience for the ages I thought you’d all appreciate. So it’s one thing to romanicize bedwetting when you appreciate it or fantasize about it. Is another when it happens beyond your control under embarrassing circumstances, like say at your sisters new housewarming party with lots of friends over! 🙈🙈🙈 So yeah I’d just moved back from Colorado (exhausting 36 hour trip because my friend took the wrong way while I was asleep)! And my sister needs help the next day moving into her new house as she just had her first child and I became an uncle! She invites me to her house party the following day where she has coworkers, family, and friends over offering the place to crash to whoever needs it. I was super tired from the day before and the trip preceding it but figured meh why not, she was inviting someone I wanted to see.

Now anyone who knows me knows drinking is not at all my scene. So my first mistake was the Jell-O shots while we played the True American drinking game based off new girl. And as luck would have it my sisters friend Laurin was over who I’ve always crushed on, so I made it an attempt to flirt and connect with her. Things seemed to be going well connecting over my recent move and tattoos. I felt like I totally started getting the flirty eyes. But the thing about True American is that it’s sole objective is to get everyone shit faced wayyy too fast. I don’t remember passing out but apparently I passed out on the couch at some point...

Short description of me, 185 lbs, athletic build, all the tattoos, buzzed head, light beard, red skinny jeans, grey Taylor Swift concert tee.

I don’t even remember dreaming, next thing I remember is it’s 3 am and I vaguely groggily hear a voice shriek omg I think he did wet his pants or something to that effect and like the distinct sound of camera shutters. I’m still in hazy foggy mostly asleep state of being and halfway back to sleep when I hear my name directly called wake me up and feel myself being lightly shaken awake to my sister telling me I had an accident. I couldn't believe the words I was hearing. I look down and the red pants I’m wearing have a giant unmistakable wet patch on them and the couch is soaked along with it having crept up my back. There was no denying it, I’d completely pissed myself in front of everyone as a 26 year old adult; but worst of all in front of my crush. My sister looks genuinely upset I’ve ruined her couch but equally sympathetic as she thought I’d grown out of it and knew I was super self conscious and embarrassed about it.

Meanwhile Laurin is drunk enough with her friends that they’re just like having the drunk giggles and in comic disbelief I wet the bed/couch. I end up on a lot of Snapchat and Insta stories and it was mortifying in the moment needless to say. You would think this would be the worst and most mortifying part of the night but it wasn’t.

My sister let me in her room for the night to try and calm down from all the embarrassment. She knew I crushed really hard on Laurin and felt really bad about it all. I can’t go back to sleep replaying everything 1000 times over in my head as I’m prone to do. Likely a function of Aspergers.

Next thing I know someone knocks on the door and it’s Laurin. Now description of her. My sisters age so 3 years older. Small frame say 120-130 I’m bad at weight lol, a cup but perfect to me, nice butt. Blue hair (naturally black) and septum ring I always go crazy for. Some tattoos but not nearly as much as me, though she’s actually a beginner tattoo artist which I definitely appreciate!! Idk if my sister told her or she picked up from the vibes before I passed out, but she came in to let me know it wasn’t so bad and shared the most embarrassing experiences she’d ever had to try and make me feel better. 

She even teased me some and said she thought it was kind of cute in an innocent way that it happened. We end up connecting some more and I just get the feeling she’s just waiting on me to acknowledge years of unspoken feelings and I get the vibe this might be a pivotal moment so I express them which has always been super hard for me. Probably came out like when Harry first asked Cho out lol. She lets me know she wants to explore those feelings too and says she’s down to stay with me if I’m okay with that..

We end up connecting more than I ever thought possible over life, music, nerd ish, cuddling and questioning when feelings were realized developed on both sides. We’re both starting to get tired after a while (Harry Potter) as background noise.

Then I was hoping the question wouldn’t come but she asked me if wetting the bed was something I had problems with. I didn’t know how to answer so I just panic reacted a half truth and said I’d grown out of it and probably just a one off from being tired. We end up falling cuddling asleep together to a Harry Potter marathon neither of us paid much attention too. All ends well enough right?

Well turns out not. Turns out my sister let spill to her friends outside it’s something I used to have all the problems with growing up. And they’re getting a kick out of it and also like drunk annoyed Lauren stayed with me.

Next time I’m cognizant I wake up to the feeling of my hand in warm water... that’s weird why is that there oh shit!!!!!..... as I instantly put two and two together by the telltale clammy feeling of a wet crotch area and even worse it’s on Laurin. Her friends had somehow gotten even more wasted throughout the night and thought it’d be funny to see if it happened again. I was mortified!! This time on the floor thankfully but also on my crush while on such shaky ground.

Lauren ended up being super understanding about it and got peeved at her friends for it. But we ended up talking later and she floated the idea of diapers if it still happened often enough.

And now I’ve ended up in diapers 🙈🙈. But I haven’t told her yet. Was feeling kinda mortified until at least the abs made me feel better. Always something if it’s not being 300 lbs and body image conscious it’s having a dualistic mindset on wetting the bed again.

Hope you guys enjoy. Anyone ever wet the bed not at their house and been caught?

&&

