Our Friend Had an Poop Emergency in the Back Seat

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2019-09-10 16:46

? This happened to me and my wife last weekend while we were hanging out with a friend.

I don't particularly like using real names for personal reasons so I'm going to refer to our friend as Kirsten since it's the first female name that popped into my head.

My wife had known Kirsten since 7th grade and I had been her friend since me and my wife started dating six years ago. I won't lie, she was absolutely not the brightest woman. However, she had noticeably sized boobs and a particularly great butt. It was small, but wide, and very round and soft. (At least I imagine it would feel soft)

Kirsten is pretty much your stereotypical "nerd girl". Her wardrobe is locked at graphic t-shirts and jeans, and occasionally a modest skirt. I could go on about how much she undersells her body with such a basic wardrobe but I'm getting off track.

Kirsten really likes retro video games. It's not really my thing but because it was her birthday weekend and she just recently broke up with her bf (he was a soy lol story for another time) we decided to take her to this really cool retro video game store in the cities. Not to get off topic again but it was an actually impressive store that had 20 to 30 year old consoles and games and even some dank retro computer stuff.

Kirsten kind of just doesn't really take of herself as well as she could and part of that is her particularly picky and bad diet. She eats crap and lots of sugary crap on top and as such, she has a bad relationship with the toilet.

At first she was really excited to get a sizable stack of PS2 games but we both noticed her get almost instantly tense and anxious as we were waiting in line watching her pay. As the two of us payed for the few things we found out of the corner of my eye I noticed Kirsten is pacing back and forth waiting for us by the door.

I think we had barely clicked our seatbelts in when from the backseat Kirsten spoke up. "Hey guys, this is super embarrassing but I seriously need to poop so bad right now. When I was paying for the stuff I got it just suddenly hit me and I had to clench my butt really hard!"

My wife just laughed and told Kirsten that she had no shame. Honestly I thought the whole situation was hot as hell. I was keeping it cool tho, but Im sure my cheeks were red.

Kirsten didn't think it was funny tho, she rocked a little in her seat and whined that she had to poop. Her boobs jiggled around the characters faces on her Bob's Burgers shirt as she whined. It most certainly was staring at her boobs in the rear view mirror, a perk of not driving that day.

Kirsten couldn't sit still at all as we drove her to a McDonald's that was half a mile away. She really squirmed and fidgeted in the backseat. My wife was trying to talk about something else to get her mind off it. We got her over to this McDonald's in time and Kirsten immediately whipped off her seat belt and said "Oh man thank you guys for stopping, I can't hold this anymore."

My wife and I truly laughed about the whole thing as she was inside blowing it up. When she got back Kirsten had no shame in sharing "God you guys, that was close. I think my poop was coming out before my butt was even on the seat." My wife remarked about a little too much information, and we went on our way.

I'm glad it didn't end in disaster. Kirsten is pretty awkward but she's a trooper sometimes.

