He Couldn't Make It

Author: Guest emptywaterbotl

*000*2017-01-12 00:29

So this isn't really a long story, but it is one of my favorite memories. My boyfriend and I were staying after college, working on a project, when his mom texted him and asked us to stop by and feed the cats since they were on a trip. My boyfriend, Alex, agreed and we quickly finished up what we were doing. He drank the last bit of his gallon and pushed his legs together (yes, my bf carries around a gallon of water and drinks it just to tease me). Once we got to the car, he was looking slightly worried and said he should've gone pee before he left.

I didn't want him to be uncomfortable so I offered to walk back to the building with him, but he refused. It was so cute, he kept saying how he could hold it and that it wasn't that bad. I actually believed him, because he didn't seem too desperate. As we rode along he occasionally squirmed and pressed his thighs together. He had a concerned look on his face again and started looking for places to pull over. I really thought he was just kidding, so the whole time I was making fun of him haha.

We were only ten minutes away when things started getting really interesting. He was grabbing his crotch near constantly now and rocking back and forth like a kid. I, of course, had my hands down my pants (no shame) pleasuring myself to the show I was getting. "Uh oh," he said and looked very embarrassed. I couldn't see anything on the outside of his pants so I asked if he leaked. "Well... Maybe... I didn't mean to. I actually think I'm going to – " He was cut off by another spurt as he tried to concentrate on driving. His distraction was causing him to drive slower, which meant it took even longer to get to his house. I was so turned on I was near orgasm. I wanted to record him, but I couldn't bring myself to stop rubbing myself. Oh my god, he really might wet himself. My thoughts were interrupted by him whining and squirming like mad.

We were only a minute away, but his pants had a small wet spot. He tried pinching it to stop the flow, but nothing worked. Another big leak. The crotch of his jeans were now soaked, but we were pulling into the driveway. His parents live in the middle of the woods, so we had quite a bit of privacy. " Oh shit!" He screamed as he pulled into the long driveway. "I can't hold it!" He put the car in park and jumped out, pulling his dick out. Pee spurted out uncontrollably before he could properly aim, and it shot out in a high arch. After around a solid minute of peeing he came back in the car, and I felt his wet spot as I brought myself to orgasm. After we went in, he was looking pretty embarrassed so I helped him dry his jeans with a blow dryer as he stood there in soaked briefs. This was the first time I had ever seen him wet accidentally in an uncontrolled environment, so I made sure to give him some positive reinforcement ;)

