Aunt's Car Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-03-18 11:19

The other day I saw the videos that were posted from YouTube of a woman filming herself whilst super desperate in her car. I thoroughly enjoyed them as car desperation is one of my favourite scenarios. Along with enjoying the videos it got me thinking about what has to be the greatest candid desperation moment I have ever seen, and probably will ever see, it will take a lot to beat it. I have had and experienced many great planned desperation moments but when it comes to candid desperation this is my greatest memory. I am sharing the story because when it came to mind I told it to Alice and she loved it so I figured I may as well write it up and share it for you to enjoy and for my own benefit to have it in my story collection.

It happened about 8 years ago when I was 16 on a family day out. As kids we loved going to a place called Camelot. If you live in the UK you may have heard of this place, I know of some people on this site who I have talked to about going there. Unfortunately I think its now abandoned and out of business which is a shame as it holds many great childhood memories. For those who don’t know about Camelot it is a theme park in the north of England with a theme based around the legend of Camelot and King Arthur. There is a castle and most of the rides and attractions are based on these things such as Merlin's Magical Balloons, Dragon Coaster, Excalibur etc. The park and rides were aimed more towards Children and was smaller compared to some of the other big popular theme parks.

As it was aimed at kids and it was reasonably near to where we lived we used to go every year, sometimes twice as a year as a family and we loved it. As me and my sister got older we stopped going and instead started going to Alton Towers instead. The only reason we went again was because we were invited by my Uncle. I have an Uncle and an Aunt on my Dad’s side but after my Dad died we didn’t see them as much as we used to but we still tried to keep in touch as much as possible. One day during the summer my Uncle rang my mum and said they were going to Camelot with the kids and asked if the three of us wanted to come along. We decided to go and made arrangements to meet them at my Uncle’s house on the day.

When the day came we got up early and we drove over to his house and when we got there my Auntie was already there. We sat and had some breakfast then we got ready and decided to set off. My Uncle and his wife were going in his car with their daughter which meant two seats were spare and then my Auntie was going in her car with her husband and her two kids which meant one seat would be spare. We joked about one of us having to sit in the back with two children and I said I didn’t mind. My cousins were 10 and 7 so they weren’t young kids that would be annoying. I joked about drawing the short straw and got into the back of my Aunt’s car whilst my mum and sister got into the other car. I would soon find I was glad to have chosen this car. It would take us about an hour and fifteen minutes to get there and we set off about 9 o’clock. Our cars stuck together until we got onto the motorway and then we separated.

I spent the journey playing games with my cousins and chatting to my Aunt and Uncle and before I knew it we were coming off the motorway and I knew then it wouldn’t be too long before we were there. We continued driving for about ten minutes and we turned onto a country lane which I recognised and knew then all we had to do was drive down this road, turn onto the main road and then turn into the entrance of Camelot which meant we would be there in about ten minutes. I turned back to talk to my cousins and after a couple of minutes my Auntie said something which I didn’t catch but when I looked up there was a long line of traffic ahead of us. 

I looked up ahead but couldn’t see anything obvious that was causing the hold up. We came to a stop and only moved a few feet every 30 seconds or so. After ten minutes of this I noticed my Aunt shifting in her seat. I wondered if she was just uncomfy or if she needed to pee. I guessed the latter as we had had drinks with breakfast and I was starting to feel the need to pee.

We continued our stop start routine, slowly making progress up the road. Around us people were obviously feeling the need to pee as they were getting out of their cars and heading into the bushes that lined the side of the road. My aunt made a comment about them and said she was thinking about doing the same. My uncle laughed and said he was too, he drank two cups of tea with breakfast thinking it would only take an hour or so to get there. My aunt nodded and said “yeah, tell me about it, I had two cups of coffee, you know how much coffee makes me have to pee”. 

They joked with each other in the front whilst I just sat in the back with my mind racing. After a few minutes my Uncle said he was going to go and use a bush and as he opened the door my cousins asked if they could go too. They got out and they went with their dad behind the bushes. My aunt watched them go and said “Wish I could go do the same”. I asked why she doesn’t and she told me she didn’t want to leave the car as the traffic kept on moving.

When my uncle came back my Aunt told him to take the kids and walk ahead. They might as well walk down the road and get to Camelot, that way the kids wouldn’t just be stuck in the car. He agreed and he said he would pick up the others when he came across their car. Before he left he asked if she wanted to go and pee but she told him about not wanting to leave the car. He said he would mind it whilst she want but she said it was fine. My aunt is the kind of person who strictly follows rules. My uncle doesn’t have a driving licence which is why she wouldn’t let him mind the car. After telling him she was fine he grabbed his stuff and asked me if I was coming with them or staying. I said I would stay and he and the kids set off. She told me I didn’t have to stay with her but I said it was fine. Not only did I want to keep her company, I also wanted to watch her desperation grow.

After they walked off we continued our slow progression down the road and as we did her desperation got worse. We got to a point where we could see the main road up ahead. She looked happy about this and said “oh good, we are almost on the main road…it couldn’t come any quicker, I’m busting for a pee”. I laughed and said I knew the feeling. She looked at me and told me to go in the bushes. I shook my head and said I was fine. I was feeling desperate but not quite as much as her. I think knowing I needed to pee too made her relax a little and she started rocking back and forth in her seat. As we got closer we saw a guy up ahead letting out one car at a time onto the main road. As we edged nearer to him my Aunt started fidgeting more and more.

It was 15 minutes before we got near the front of the queue of traffic. The steward let out a couple more cars and then stopped ours at the front. She stopped fidgeting as he walked towards the window and leaned down to talk to us. He apologised for the hold up and told us their was an event taking place which had attracted many people which meant that coupled with people coming to the theme park had resulted in a mass of traffic. Earlier in the day the side roads were at a complete standstill as people struggled to get out onto the main road so they had stewards posted to direct traffic. We acknowledged this and he looked down the main road then waved us on.

We pulled off and immediately she started fidgeting again. I was so focused on her sexy squirms and wondering how badly she need to pee that I was shocked when she said “oh god” out loud. I looked up and saw more traffic up ahead. I knew this was being caused by the roundabout up ahead and with the increased traffic due to the event it would be really bad. We joined the back of the line and luckily it kept moving at a steady pace. She let out a moan and said “if this traffic doesn’t get a shift on I’m gonna end up peeing myself”. My eyes widened and I could not take my eyes off her. As we slowly moved along all I could do was watch her squirm and wiggle in her seat and listen to her moans and gasps and those sexy noises of sucking air through her teeth.

As we gradually got nearer to the turnoff into Camelot it was obvious she was bursting for a pee and getting more desperate by the minute and obviously not caring about hiding her need. Her gear changing hand went between her legs and she was rocking back and forth. Eventually we reached the entrance and pulled off the main road. As we drove down into the car park we now had to drive along and find a parking space. As we drove along the car park to where the spaces were she was chanting “gotta pee gotta pee” over and over in between moans and gasps. Suddenly she broke that and moaned “oh god i'm about to burst, where the hell is a parking space”. We eventually got to the end of the row of cars and reversed into a space against the tree line.

She turned the engine off and quickly took off her seatbelt. I did the same and opened the door and got out. I closed my door behind me and walked towards the back of the car to get my stuff out of the boot. As I opened the boot I noticed she was still sitting in her seat. I walked back around and looked in through the window and my eyes went wide. She was sat leaning forward in her seat with her hands gripped on the steering wheel. She had her eyes closed and her mouth was hanging open, exactly how people look when they are having an orgasm. I looked down and saw why. The front of her denim shorts were soaked and a puddle was forming on the seat. I opened the door and her moans of relief were so hot. I just stared at her as she moaned and completely flooded the seat.

Eventually she stopped moaning and opened her eyes. She looked at me and I was worried she would be upset or embarrassed by the situation. Thankfully she wasn’t. She just looked round at me and said “god that felt good”. We both burst out laughing and she got out of the car to inspect the damage. The front of her shorts were soaked through and had gone dark. She laughed at herself and then told me there was a bag in the boot and could I pass it to her. I grabbed it and threw it to her and when she opened it she pulled out some clothes. She told me she always has clean clothes in the boot incase she has to go out straight from work so she can change out of her work gear.

After looking around she came behind the car and slid off her shorts. I got a look at her soaking wet knickers and laughed and said “wow you really were desperate weren’t you”. She laughed and said “just a bit yeah, I was almost losing it but just about holding on but when I realised that the toilets were all the way down there by the ticket booths I knew I wouldn’t make it that far and my bladder kind of gave in”. I laughed to cover up how arousing that comment was and just watched as she stripped out of her wet knickers and slipped on her clean clothes. She threw her shorts and knickers into the bag and put it in the boot. She came round and looked at the seat and poured her water bottle all over it. I looked at her puzzled and she said “the sun will dry that out”. I nodded and after she sorted herself out we set off towards the entrance. After showing our booking confirmation we went through and made arrangements to meet up with everyone.

When we found them I told my sister about what just happened and she said she had a similar experience with our other Auntie. She said that when my Uncle came past and said they were walking round with the kids they had all gone with him and both my aunt and my mum were in need of a bathroom. She said by the time they arrived at the ticket office my Aunt was doing an epic pee dance and had to wait in line. I wish I could have seen that, but what I actually got to see what probably much better.

(I also saw some other desperation due to the traffic jam which I will post about in my sightings thread for those interested)

*003*2016-03-19 08:38

{{ 

Great story indeed! I loved it! I can't help missing one final detail 'though, when did you yourself get to a toilet?

}}

When we met up with everyone inside we met by the toilets and I went then.

*005*2016-03-19 18:48

{{ 

Wonderful story Gemmy, very well written! Please do post about the other sightings from that day. Also, did your aunt ever again mention this incident?

}}

It came up once whilst playing never have I ever and the topic was "never have I ever wet myself as an adult" and those who drank told the stories of when it happened. She wasn't embarrassed and i obviously helped her tell the story.

