Genuine accidental wetting in car

Author: Guest

*000*2023-08-08 00:10

So recently I went on Holiday in mainland Europe, where me and my family initially started in Italy, and then drove to other countries and enjoyed what was there, this starts near the start, when we were leaving Italy for Switzerland (Milan to Zurich).

I had woken up and had a typical morning, done some exercise, showered, had breakfast, etc. we were leaving at midday and so I just made sure I was ready to go, and the journey from Milan to Zurich is long, so I made sure to wear something comfy, I was wearing a pair of black panties, red leggings, white Nike socks (worn over the leggings if you get me), a pair of black vans, a white t shirt with a print on it, a black bra, and a black hoodie.

It was about half an hour before we had to leave, and I was just relaxing, watching YouTube and drinking a glass of water, which I finished and moved onto a coffee and then the last thing I drank before I left was a coke, when we were about to leave, I didn’t use the toilet cause I didn’t have an urge to and I put my luggage into the rental car and sat down in the back seat next to one of my siblings. The car started moving and we were off, I was watching some videos with earphones in and my sibling was playing on their switch. All was smooth up until about an hour in when I started feeling an urge to pee, probably a 5/10, not too bad, I just crossed my legs and tried to relax and forget about it until we arrived at the acom, nothing really notable happened on the drive, so I will skip ahead a bit.

About 45 minutes later of holding my 5/10 urge to pee had become a much more alarming 8/10. I figured yeah, this is uncomfortable, but there’s just over an hour left, I’ve held my piss way longer than this for fun, it’s not a problem. I crossed my legs a bit harder and put my hand in my crotch and again tried to ignore it. 20 minutes later it was a 9/10 and I was extremely desperate, I realised I wasn’t going to make it to the acom toilet, and I needed to go soon or else I’d piss myself.

I asked my dad if it was possible to stop somewhere to let me go piss, but it was in an area where it wasn’t really possible, I was squirming a lot and holding with both hands, my urge to piss was unreal. About 5 minutes later, I was at what I thought was my limit and I told my dad I thought I was gonna piss myself, and so he took a detour into a different road to see if he could park some place where I could piss, another 5 or so minutes had passed and he hadn’t been able to find somewhere I could piss, and it was too late.

I felt an initial spurt and felt a small wet patch on my leggings I looked down and realised what was about to happen, and tried to hold as long and as hard as I could, I barely lasted another minute before my piss started to come out full force, I couldn’t stop it, my hands were sprayed with pee and I quickly wiped them on my thighs as my piss started to soak my leggings and fill up my seat, my sibling looked over and was shocked, I couldn’t stop pissing and there was so much too.

It started to overflow onto the floor and my bum and thighs were already completely soaked as the piss started to run down my calves too, the front of my crotch also had a significant wet stain on them, whilst I was still peeing I called out to my dad and told him I couldn’t hold it and was peeing myself, my mum looked back at me and saw my soaked leggings and gasped and put her hand over her mouth in shock and she told my dad, we were still in a place where I couldn’t get out and strip my leggings off so he kept driving.

I eventually finished peeing and the puddle on my seat was deep and had spilled a lot onto the floor of the car, the front of my thighs and crotch were completely soaked, and the whole back of my legs from him to ankles were soaked too. I was embarrassed, but not super embarrassed cause I enjoyed it a bit, but I didn’t wanna act suspicious about it so I pretended to be much more embarrassed and mortified than I actually was. After another 10 minutes of driving we had found a place where I could strip my clothes off for new ones, meanwhile my sibling was looking at me shocked and I had been inspecting the damage and pulling at the leggings a bit too, I had calmed down at this point and just seemed upset, even though I enjoyed the peeing part, I didn’t really enjoy doing it in front of my family.

So we pulled up, I got out and some more pee spilled out from my seat, and some more had ran down my legs. I felt myself for where the piss had spread to and the bottom back part of my hoodie was wet, as well as my panties, leggings, socks and shoes.

I got out of the car and walked to the back and took my luggage out and rifled through it to find some new clothes to wear, I pulled out a pair of black leggings, red underwear, white Nike socks, a pair of panda dunks and a different black hoodie, I also grabbed two towels, I put my clothes on the roof of the car with the first towel and began to mop up the piss from the car, and when that was done I put away the towel I’d just used and took my clothes and the second towel away where I was out of sight. I had some residual piss left over and so I let that go in my leggings, once I’d finished, I stripped off out of my clothes, wiped myself down with the towel and made sure I was dry, then put on my new clothes I’d picked out. I folded up my piss soaked clothes in the towel and returned to the car I sat down in my seat which was still a little damp from the pee, my father asked if I was okay and I said yeah, and then we headed to our accommodation.

