Wet myself on purpose while riding my motorcycle

Author: Guest

*000*2023-05-21 20:31

So, my girlfriend has been out of town for a few days and I’ve been pretty horny from missing her. I for a motorcycle ride to visit some friends, and when I was riding home my horniness got the better of me and I decided I wanted to piss my jeans. I had about an hour ride, so I figured I’d be dry from the wind by the time I got home. As I began my ride, I kept trying to pee, but I guess I wasn’t hydrated enough. About halfway home, I managed to let out a good 10 second stream, making a softball sized wet spot on the front of my jeans.

Then the unexpected happened… I realized I was low on fuel. There was no way I was going to make it home. I had to stop for gas while wet. I’ve wet in public before, so I’m not exactly afraid of doing so, but I didn’t really plan this out either so I was a little apprehensive about people seeing me. I found a gas station a few minutes later and although I had dried up a little, there was still a clear wet patch and I smelled like piss. “Oh well, nothing I can do about it now” I thought.

I paid for my fuel and walked back out to my bike. A few people stared but nobody reacted very strongly. The damage was already done at this point and I was starting to get a bit of a head rush from being wet in public, so I hung out for a few minutes and slammed an entire drink after I was done at the gas pump.

Energy drinks go right through me, and as I got back on the bike I felt like I could do a longer squirt and really do the job properly, so I did. I sat right there on my bike and pissed a good strong hot 20 second spray into my already damp jeans. Since they were already wet, they didn’t absorb nearly as well that time and my crotch was totally soaked as well as a good amount down my left leg. As I started my ride home, I could smell it dripping down and hitting the hot exhaust pipes.

I got home a little later and decided there was no sense in changing since I was all along, so I stayed in my wet pants while playing a video game for another few hours, leaning more whenever I felt the urge. By the end of the night I was DRENCHED

