Turbulence desperation

Author: grasshoppergrasshopper

*000*2012-06-05 18:09

It all started with a tonic water too many on an international flight. I was heading back over the Pacific with my mom and sister on a Singapore Airlines plane. Since I was bored of reading Life of Pi for the seventeenth time (that being the only book I took with me on the trip), I ended up just ordering tonic waters for the hell of it. I figured, a few minutes later, and I would simply stop by the bathroom and take a good pee.

Problem is, the airplane had a run-in with nature, and nature was plenty pissed. The first warning was a “fasten seatbelts” sign blinking on. I tried to head over to the bathroom, but I was denied access by a stewardess whose makeup made her look like a walking mannequin. So I had to slink back to my seat and fasten the seatbelt. I was still optimistic at this point, because I figured, a little shaking, then the plane would be back to normal, and I could take a heavenly pee in the toilet. Unfortunately, that was too optimistic a scenario. The intercom sizzled and then the captain’s voice, thickly accented with Korean, murmured, “I’m afraid that we will be experiencing severe turbulence for over one hour. Hot drinks and meals will be suspended. All passengers are required their seatbelts for safety purposes.”

Oh crap.

By this point, I went from merely cautious about my bladder to hitting mild desperation. But even mild desperation is enough to set alarms in my head, which then caused me to think about wetting myself. Mild desperation became irritating desperation. To make matters worse, the turbulence began.

At first, the turbulence was just mild swoops in my belly, akin to hitting speed bumps on the road. But then, the plane began bucking, and the plane kept on slanting left and right. I have a fear of roller coasters, and this flight was quickly descending into “Six Flags from Hell” status. I was trying to keep my bladder quiet, but the sensation of freefall and thinking that I was going to die was causing my bladder to strain even more painfully. Almost out of options, I finally decided that the best thing to do was try to work up a boner. It may sound funny, but having a boner is like putting up sandbags against a flood, in that it doesn’t stop the flow, but it slows it down long enough that hopefully the situation changes for the better.

It sounded like a great plan, but unfortunately, what gets my dick hard are videos and pictures of girls wetting themselves. Thus, thinking about girls peeing reminded me of my original problem. My desperation was now reaching the critical point. My pee was like the Mississippi river in full flood, threatening to engulf any dry areas. But thankfully, the boner plan actually worked pretty well. In fact, I felt that all I had to do was master the pain, and I would get through the flight with no problem.

The plane then took what felt like a 150 meter dive straight down. Several people screamed, and I soaked my boxers.

Fortunately, I had managed to regain control of my bladder to stop the pee from spilling into my jeans, but I now had an entirely new war to fight. My dick was burning like crazy and I could feel the pee dribbling down my legs. I tried to encourage my bladder to wait, but at this point, it was determined to finish the job. After ten minutes of bargaining with my desperation, I simply lost patience, turbulence be damned, and I dashed into the bathroom, knocking aside a kid and a stewardess.

My God, it was heavenly to pee. Even after the amount I released into my boxers, I still pissed a ton. It felt like weights were lifted off my bladder, and soon, I reached a state of calm that even Buddha could not experience. That is, until I felt the wet stain on my boxers. It turned out I had turned the bottom soggy, as well as the crotch area. Thus, I spent the next five minutes trying to sponge the mess with tissues. But soon, I just gave up and went back to the seat.

The turbulence resumed again minutes I went back to my seat, but this time, I felt better. In fact, when I was heading back to my seat, I noticed a number of women arguing with the stewardess over bathroom issues. Apparently, I had gotten away with breaking rules, but they would get no benefit.

I waited in anticipation.

