A Night In

Author: Gender-fluidss

*000*2023-04-29 02:21

Hi fellow kinksters 👋

I've been coming here for stories for the last 5 years or so. Worked up the courage to make an account a couple years ago, but have not worked up the nerve to post before. I am nonbinary but present pretty femme, with a petite 5'2 body, a long mohawk that is currently in faux locs, and lots of soft curves usually disguised by baggy tshirts and harem pants/board shorts/pajamas.

This is not my first experience wetting (maybe I will share that another time). I just thought I would take advantage of having the house to myself for a night. I am a live-in caretaker for an elderly family member, so usually there are a few of us in the house. But for the rest of the night, it's just me.

I decided this afternoon that I would challenge myself to avoid peeing in the toilet for the rest of the night. First I took the practical, easy route of using the shower, just because I was in there and it was convenient. Next time I was getting a bit desperate, I went to the back porch and just let loose all over the floor. First I pulled my tiny rainbow sleep shorts to the side, and then realized I didn't need to do that and let the crotch get all wet. It always feels so naughty to wet my clothes! And these are so thin that they dried really quickly.

Then I figured I would try out an adult pull-up diaper for the first time. I waited until my bladder was uncomfortably full again and tried several positions. First I stood up, unsure of how well it would absorb. I was in my bedroom at the time, and didn't want to risk wetting my (unpadded) bed. I leaked a little, letting a few test spurts out. Everything stayed dry, and even my skin under the diaper felt just a bit damp as the moisture was immediately absorbed. It was pretty neat!

I relaxed more, and let it flow until a little stream appeared out of the side of the diaper and flowed down my naked thigh. I cut it off and grabbed a dirty pair of pants to clean the few drips from the floor. Then went back to the porch to test other positons. I sat up straight and let some more out, until i felt my shorts getting wet again. I stood up again and felt around. The crotch was completely saturated and I couldn't believe how thick it had gotten! But the back was still dry.

So I sat back down, leaning back and slouching down, trying to let gravity do its thing. It was a little harder to go at that angle, but eventually I was able to. It worked!! Almost everything was absorbed into the back part of the padding. Finally I stood up, took my shorts off to get the full visual, and pushed the rest out into the diaper. I was psyched when almost all of it stayed in! I know I have a pretty big bladder from years of training myself for road trips and jobs, so I was very impressed! I sat down in it and played with myself for a few minutes, just a tease for later.

My next goal, now with a clean pull up, is to try letting myself go casually, whenever I feel the urge, until this diaper is at capacity.

My first attempt at this, which was entirely standing up, was rather messy. It must have been more than I realized. It was just a slight urge, so I didn't figure it would be much! Once it started, it just didn't stop. And it felt soooo good, I think I could have stopped but I reeeeeallllly didn't want to. Streams bloomed through my clean pajama pants on either side of the diaper's absorbant front panel. I felt the warmth tickling my thighs, running down my calves, wetting my pants more and more, but I couldn't bring myself to care enough to stop. It felt so good. The whole back is still dry, so now I'm just drinking lots of water and waiting for it to return.

So far thoughts: I don't plan to use diapers regularly, but this has been really fun and interesting so far! I hope to take a pic or two at some point; if they come out well, I will share.

