My second most daring experience

Author: Guest Mango_sub

*000*2020-05-02 17:27

My Second Most Daring Wetting Yet.

Hey peeps,

I’m new to this site, though I discovered it a few years back and have always been too timid to jump on-board... this is also my first recount so bare with me, I apologise in advance if the writing is a little average!

I’m going to start this story by letting you know this is my second most daring wetting experience to date (and most recent). I’ll write another post about my MOST daring but I’m not going to start with my peak experience, otherwise I’ll have nowhere to go haha, am I right??

I’ve always been a pretty daring person, deep down. Most of my friends I believe would probably describe me as both quite shy but also a little wild. I’m a mid 20s bisexual guy, but for the most part have had mainly straight experiences and only ever dated women. I really don’t know why...?

Anyway, as I mentioned I’ve always been quite daring, and have always gotten a huuuuge thrill from unusual experiences... I’m an artist and believe the two go together.

So it comes as no surprise that my kinks are a little wild too. I’ve recently realised that the thing that turns me on the most about wetting, is the possibility of getting caught. In truth, I actually hate getting caught, but putting myself in a position where there is a high risk of potentially being seen in a rather humiliating state is what tends to get the adrenaline pumping as well as the horn. Now, on with the story...

I recently moved into a new place by myself just out of the city. It’s about a 10 minute bus ride straight into the heart of the city, yet I actually live in the suburbs just out of town. I’ve lived in the area most of my life, mainly because it’s cheap and full of young artists, so it suits me well (I also grew up there!) I’d been concocting the idea of catching a bus into the city one night. I know the city pretty inside out, so I also know there’s a public bathroom pretty much smack bang in the middle. Alsoooo, it’s one of those bathrooms that only allows you to be in there for about 10 minutes before the doors open.

I’d been dreaming of the idea of bussing into town and wetting myself in that bathroom for months, until the day it finally happened. I’d really been too afraid to go ahead with it... basically thinking that it was too risky and humiliating, that I was DEFINITELY going to be seen, and I would probably feel horrible. It was better off a fantasy. I also couldn’t shake the thought of just how ridiculous the idea was... almost hilarious. Let’s face it, this kink really is quite ridiculous.

But one day, recently, for whatever reason, the idea was just too tempting. It was a Monday night, a notoriously quiet night in my city, around 9pm. With the thought going around in my head, and just how exciting it was likely going to be, I finally got the nerve to at least walk down to the bus stop. I even gave myself a deal, if I was to walk to the bus stop and be able to see a bus coming down the road when I got there, then I simply had no choice, I had to get on. But if not, I would go home and save this for another night. This dare really got me excited and incredibly nervous. I went into my draw and found my usual pants that I wet in, a pair of tight grey jeans. They’re not the most visible pants to wet in that I own, however even a mild leak shows on them. So I knew that if I was to wet myself, and someone was to see me, they would be able to tell straight away. Terrifying... but also so so exciting!

I walked on down to the bus stop and started to get increasingly nervous. I started thinking about the possibility of bumping into people I know... which would just be awful. I got so close to turning back, but I forced myself to, at the very least, get to the stop.

When I got to the street where the bus was coming, a huge wave of anxiety hit me. The first thing I could see, about a mile down the road, was the bus on it’s way. I continued to tell myself it was ok to back out, yet I kept walking to the bus stop. It’s as though time slowed right down as I approached the stop. I got there and waited, absolutely panicking and telling myself to go back home. That this idea was crazy and that I was definitly going to regret it. Yet as the bus approached, I found myself sticking my hand out and hailing it.

The bus stopped and I got on. My heart was racing and the driver gave me a funny look. I must have looked like I was having a heart attack. But as soon as I sat down, I relaxed, and got real turned on. I realised that I was going through with my plan, and that tonight was going to be full of mischief. That I was going to do it. It was almost as though the panic had lifted and I had accepted my fate. Which was that I was going to be in an extremely humiliating situation in less than twenty minutes and I had no choice now that I was on my way. It turns me on even just remembering this moment.

I thought I should add that I had already decided that my plan for tonight was to catch a bus in to the city, and walk home. I didn’t want to bus it back with completely soaked pants... it would be too humiliating and I would feel bad for the passengers and the driver. It’s a 10 minute bus ride, but about a 50 minute walk out of the busy city streets and into my suburb. Extremely risky, so risky that at this point I knew that if I was going to go through with it, that there was no chance of me not being seen or caught. No chance at all.

As the bus started driving through the city, I was actually shocked, and quite disappointed that it was so quiet, even for a Monday. It was winter after all... but still, this quiet?? I only saw about 10 people walking down the main street out of the window before I got off the bus. I decided that this was probably a good thing, as things were about to get incredibly stressful.

I got off the bus and into the night. It was dark by now, and I was only a few minutes from the public toilet. As I walked the streets, getting closer to the toilet, I passed 3 people on the way. Knowing that I was going to have to walk past people in the streets, after I had just wet myself, In only about 10 minutes, got me so unbelievably excited!

Eventually, after crossing through a few streets from the bus stop, I could see the public toilet. There was only a few people around, other than the cars driving by. There was actually an alarming amount of cars driving around, but I had gone this far, I was not about to back down!

I crossed the street, approached the toilet, and went in. The door closed, and I was alone. I was really turned on but I also started thinking about backing out of the situation before it was too late... but something inside me cut that thought short. I sat down on the toilet, with my pants on of course. I forgot to mention that I was actually bursting by this point... The relief was going to be insane!

I sat there on the toilet for a minute or so weighing up whether I was going to do it, getting nervous and thinking about how stupid the idea was. Suddenly, the thought entered my mind, just how naughty, and dirty this was. And how shameful I was being. I started to get real turned on and at that moment, I thought, fuck it, you only live once, and I’ve been dreaming of this for months. Right then, quite impulsively, I decided to let go, and I let go hard!

The relief was immense, I was letting it all out, feeling the warmth soak my crotch and my butt. I probably peed for about 30 seconds or so, and the pee was leaking straight through my pants like a tap. I decided to stand up while I was still going because I was worried the stain would only be in a controlled spot, regardless of the fact I had been peeing for about 30 seconds. When I stood up, the wetness spread down past my knees on either side, front and back. Knowing that I was in the heart of the city, with completely soaked pants, with no way to get home other than walking straight out of the bathroom and all the way home down the main streets of my city, turned me on beyond belief.

I decided I couldn’t hold it off until later, I had to finish myself off, otherwise I would be just incredibly turned on the whole way home... So I decided to whip it out, so to speak haha... I’m not going to describe the rest of this part as I really feel that it’s not all that necessary for this site. So I’ll just skip to the end.

Right up til the moment of climax, I was in ecstacy. Knowing what I was doing, how dirty it was, how risky it was, gave me a high the was undescribable. And the climax was... HUGE. But the very moment I had finished, it hit me like a tonne of bricks. Regret. What had I just gotten myself into? I started sweating profusely, unbelievably embaressed and stressed by the situation I was in. I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror, I was blushing so much I was practically a tomato. And my pants were utterly soaked.

I stood there panicking for a little while and cursing myself beyond belief... how could I actually let myself do this!? I’m going to have to walk through the city with completely soaked pants. It’s going to be a nightmare!

After a while of anxiety, I decided to just go for it, walk straight out and into the night and not look back. And that’s exactly what I did. I just walked right out. As soon as I left the toilet, however, I looked to my right and there was a man standing there, waiting to go in... I immediately looked away and thought ‘FUCK!’. Now I was really embaressed. I hadn’t really considered, or remembered, just how awful it actually is when you get caught... Like I said, I like the risk of being seen, but not ACTUALLY being seen.

Fuck... I thought. Fuck!! I walked off briskly and crossed the road. When I got to the middle of the road I looked back, he was staring right at me.

I was mortified, and not turned on at all. I was in complete survival mode. As I started the walk home, I kept to the dark sides of the streets. Luckily, I knew the city pretty inside out, so whenever I started coming towards someone, I would jump down a side street. I had actually gotten as far as the edge of the city, before there is a big park, and then the beginning of the suburbs, and I had avoided everyone but the first guy. There were a number of close calls, but I made it out of sight in the nick of time. I couldn’t believe it and for some reason I was disappointed.

As I got to the edge of the city, I started to realise that this was pretty insane... and unbelievably exciting. I decided, out of dissappointment in succeeding in not being seen, that the next person that I was coming towards, I had no choice but to walk past them. I made it a rule. As it happened, only moments later a man turned the corner. I thought... fuck, this is it. He’s going to see me, he’s going to laugh, he’s going to get out his phone and take a photo while I quickly try to walk away.... mortifying and once again I started cursing myself and thinking about why on earth I was doing this...!?

As he approached, I noticed he was looking at his phone. We walked straight past each other and he didn’t look up or notice. If he had, he would have seen me, blushing, with completely soaked pants. What a relief!

I made it out of the city and walked through the park, which is huge. Finally I was out of the streets and the stress. I knew that from now on, once I got out of the park I could take backstreets back to my house. I was still a good 30 minutes from home, but I started to feel quite relaxed. I actually started chuckling because of how ridiculous the whole escapade was. Just soooo ridiculous, terrifying, humiliating, and ultimately exciting.

The rest of the walk was actually rather dull. The streets were quiet, only a few cars drove past me. The most difficult time was having to cross the main road and get back onto my street. There was no one around except for a few cars.

It was about 10:15 when I got home, the whole thing only took just over an hour... I couldn’t believe it!? I must have walked really really fast!

I got home, got changed, and felt that some bizarre accomplishment had been made, even if it was pretty out there. I also decided that I was not going to do this again. Too public, too risky. I was lucky tonight, but another night I have no doubt I would be seen by many, or worse, bump into someone I know!

So I’m going to abstain from this wildness... at least for a while, if I can... 😉

Thanks for listening ya’ll,

Would love to hear any feedback. Also, would love to hear if anyone has had any experiences this daring. Sometimes I feel like a total weirdo because of how out there some of my experiences have been... I’m lucky though. I have lots of open minded friends, that i can imagine if they found out... they’d probably just laugh. I’d hope so anyway.

Thanks again,

Much love.

