Is my partner coming around to omo?

Author: Guest

*000*2023-09-09 09:29

So I told my partner about my interest in omo months ago, and he was very indifferent to it. He said he didn’t really care (meaning he wasn’t disgusted which was what I was terrified of) as long as I didn’t involve him in it. I told him of course I wouldn’t involve him in it because I definitely wouldn’t want to force him into anything he doesn’t want to do. And that was kind of it for months.

Until recently, he has been talking about pee a lot lately in a joking way so I’ll say things like “You talk about pee more than I do, are we sure you’re not the one with the kink” and then we laugh about it.

He has also (twice now) tickled me to the point of me leaking in my clothes/on the bed even though I gave him fair warning saying I was going to wee myself if he kept tickling me. Both resulted in me having to run to the toilet to finish 😂

Then just the other day, and again yesterday when we were together he has been encouraging me to wee in front of him which was like, WOAH okay haha. I tried so hard to be hesitant, “No love it’s okay, I can wait” or “No it’s fine I can just go after you” even though I really wanted to go in front of him!

So the first scenario was we usually take showers together if the timing works out for us and just before we were going to get in, I knew I needed to wee. So I told him I had to go. In the past this has happened before and he just left the bathroom entirely, but not this time. He said I could just go and then join him in the shower. Super casual so I didn’t think too much about it at the time other than my own excitement.

But yesterday we had a super glue incident 😂 and he had it on his fingers so we were both in the bathroom trying desperately to get it off his fingers (he’s doing alright for anyone worried haha). It was taking so long and I had to wee again so I told him and he said “I have to as well” which made my little omo heart flutter a bit. What shocked me even more was he told me I could go right then and there, even though I told him I could try to just wait. So not only was he in the bathroom while I went, he was right in front of me and I could’ve sworn I saw him peeking at me in the mirror!! 

Then it was his turn to go, but he still had a little bit of super glue on his fingers so I tried to be as casual as possible (I was so excited out of my mind though so it was hard haha) and suggest I hold his penis for him while he goes. HE WAS SO CLOSE TO SAYING YES. He genuinely thought about it but eventually said the only reason he was saying no was because he’s a shy pee-er and he didn’t think he’d be able to let it out with me there. So freaking close guys!!

So I left and gave him privacy and came back when he was done. And my mind is spiraling because he said “the only reason” he was saying no. Implying if I could get him comfortable enough, maybe he’d let me… I don’t know, maybe I’m just connecting dots that aren’t really there haha. He was so insistent on not being involved in omo/pee related stuff with me and I’ve tried my absolute best to make sure that’s been the case.

Any thoughts or suggestions?

