Roadtrip!

Author: Guest Unimatrix0

*000*2016-11-29 12:59

I thought I'd share with you an incident from my childhood that very well might have sparked my interest in omo. I still remember it vividly, even after over a decade! ^^

I woke up feeling on top of the world, it was time to take our trip to Lake Tahoe! Every year we either get to enjoy some beach fun and the smell of roasting pine trees or the beautiful powder coating the landscape and lopsided snowmen, and this year it was the latter. I can't quite remember, but I couldn't have been older than 14 at the time.

It's a 4 hour drive from home to our rented cabin, so of course I used the bathroom before we embarked on our journey. But I heavily partook of the drinks in my mountain of snacks next to me in the back seat, and I began filling up quickly. The urge snuck up on me in a big way. Being a good kid, I didn't want to burden my parents with telling them they needed to stop for me, but I was getting pretty desperate, so I finally announced to them that I had to pee.

The problem was, we were on a long, winding mountain road with no rest stop in sight, or even a turnoff because past the barrier was a sheer cliff. The terrain slowly became snowy as we climbed, and traffic was crawling to be safe in case of icy roads. Now, we had a shitty old car (a blue 1990 Toyota Tercel hatchback, loved that thing) so my parents weren't too worried about me ruining the upholstery. In fact, they were super nice and encouraging about my predicament.

As we inched our way up, I devolved to writhing in my seat, holding myself and moaning. They couldn't stand to see me suffering like this, so they gave me their blessing to just let go. I tried holding on for a little while longer, but I started dribbling, which turned to leaks, which turned to spurts. The waves kept coming harder and faster, until finally the dam burst...I sighed deeply, the relief overtaking me. I peed for what felt like forever, the warmth felt heavenly in the dead of winter. Even my shirt got wet from the wicking. My parents were more mad about the traffic and lack of rest stops than me! I wasn't that upset about it, as I had tried my absolute darndest to hold it in, and I wasn't even in trouble. Plus...it felt kinda...good...

I sat there in my pissy pants until we finally came across an emergency turnoff/snow chain installation area. We pulled over and I hid behind the car, changing into some of the clothes we packed. The cold bit into me from the wet clothes, I couldn't get them off fast enough. Afterwards, I sat on a garbage bag for the rest of the trip, which went without incident. I had a great time on the trip, but for some reason, something about the experience stuck with me...

I hope you enjoyed my little tale! Also, has anyone had any such roadtrip desperation, been with anyone who has, or you just like the idea of it? Ta~!

