Almost wet myself in public

Author: Gemgirl

*000*2018-09-21 23:14

So a while back someone gave me a punishment of having to pee somewhere that was not a toilet. After going behind a bush in my local park I decided that felt too easy. So I made myself a challenge. I was to go to the city centre of the nearest city to me and after getting desperate, challenge myself to find a place to pee that wasn't a bathroom.

I knew this might prove a little difficult. As I expected very few private places to be able to go pee. It turns out I was right.

I started out needing to pee a little on the train ride over. I had decided to wear a pink top and hoodie and skinny jeans. I was eager to start out rather desperate so I bought a coke at the station and decided to make the short walk to my starting point. I soon made it to the town centre and I started I knew of a few parks nearby that may provide a private bush to pee behind. After finishing my coke I went and bought another drink to get my desperation up a bit before starting.

I hung around window shopping a bit and sipping on another drink feeling the urge build and I guess drinking quite a bit on the way was a bad idea because my desperation grew fast. I was now feeling a very strong urge to pee and decided to start searching immediately. At this point something I had considered but still was terrifying me in that moment was the fact that I was out in public in quite a major city area. And while I would be crossing my legs at this point if I was home, I tried with all my might to walk normally. My starting place was good for my challenge as even the alleyways were crowded and not an option and a few places I walked past I could see a bathroom inside. I even walked past a public bathroom as I made my way to the nearest park.

I considered a few times backing out and just going to one of these bathrooms but I stuck to my guns and held. Continuing my normal walk while my bladder began to ache. I reached the park after about ten minutes and started looking around. But as I scoured the whole park I realised what I was afraid would happen. No private places safe enough to risk. Most trees were too thin to hide behind and precious few bushes either. I kept scouting as my need got worse, I had to occasionally hold myself when I thought I could get away with it but I saw one guy noticing me doing it and I quickly stopped. I didn't dare hold myself again.

I soon realised I would have to try somewhere else and I walked out the park. I decided the best plan now was to keep walking away from the city centre and soon I might reach a more quiet area. Being outside of the major shopping district did mean a but still no place looked safe enough to go and places with a bathroom I could use were also scarce. I knew I couldn't back out and in that moment another wave of desperation hit me. I was worried that I might actually have an accident in public and started to panic. I was debating turning around or just going to a bathroom but that was becoming a harder choice to justify as I got further out, I was sure I wouldn't make it back to the last bathroom I passed so I decided to press forward.

I passed by the local university grounds when I gasped and stumbled a bit, unable to keep up my normal walk. As the only people I could see were a little far away I decided it was fine to start squirming and crossing my legs, as I awkwardly waddled on. I was searching for even the most basic cover to slip behind and let it all out. My heart was racing and I was starting to get a little light headed. I had to pee so bad the only thoughts going though my head were "Gotta pee, gotta pee!" Mixed in with swear words. 

I gasped as I leaked a little and had to stop and squeeze my legs tightly to regain control. I was so close to losing it that I looked onto the nearby university courtyard. It was pretty much empty and I saw a nearby tree bush and tree which seemed like my best bet. I waddled over and crouched between them, pulled down my jeans and panties as I started peeing. It wasn't the most ideal place, I knew I was visible from several of the university's windows but I didn't care, I had at least not peed myself in public which was enough of a victory.

After that I got back up, barely able to walk after holding in so much and made my way back into town. Overall that experience was exciting but also one of the scariest things I have ever done. And I frankly don't want to do something like that again. But still... it was very fun to be that desperate in public.

*007*2018-09-25 05:01

{{7 hours ago, i like wet bikinis said:

Very good! Will you do it again, do you think? What might you do differently, if you do it again?

}}

I don't think I will do that again. It was a little too scary and I came to close to a public accident. I would really want to avoid that.

*011*2018-10-02 08:38

{{1 hour ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for sharing that fantastic story, Gemgirl. It took a lot of courage to do what you did. My ambition is to make myself so desperate that I pee myself in an urban situation but I've not plucked up the courage to do it yet.

}}

It did take courage but a little bit of it was stupid overconfidence. I originally thought I could just make it to the park and that would be it. I wasn't actually expecting to almost wet myself.

