Movie Marathon = Extreme Desperation + Intense Relief

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-01-30 23:48

Me and Matty love watching movies and quite often have movie marathons. Partly because of our love of movies but mainly because we are the kind of people who can’t watch one movie in a series and then watch the others at a later date. If we watch one film in the series we have to watch all the others. Most of the time it is pretty easy as a series has two or three films so we can watch them all in a day. However sometimes we plan movie days when we decide to watch series like Harry Potter or Star Wars with a full day's worth of films to work through. 

The other evening we were looking for a movie to watch and whilst scrolling through the horror genre we noticed Saw 7 (or Saw 3D, whichever you prefer) and we commented that we hadn’t seen the Saw films for a while. We went to see the seventh film when it came out in the cinema and haven’t seen any of them since. We had nothing to do on Thursday so we decided that we would have a Saw marathon. We looked at the run time and to watch all 7 it would take just shy of 11 hours.

When I woke up Thursday morning we had breakfast and then we put all 7 films on a playlist and then made a nest on the couch with our duvet. Matty brought snacks and I asked for a cup of tea. He brought me my tea and then put a 3 litre bottle of water and a small whisky tumbler on the couch. I looked at it then at him and he put on his Jigsaw voice and said “I want to play a game”. He pointed to the bottle of water and said “The rules are as follows, until we have finished watching all the movies the bathroom is off limits and whilst watching the movies every time a person dies you are going to fill this glass and drink it….your goal is to keep your knickers dry”.

I giggled and happily agreed to the game. I was looking forward to the double challenge. Holding until the films were over which would take 11 hours and not knowing how many deaths there were thus not knowing how many glasses I would end up drinking. The glass was 100ml so throughout the day I could end up drinking a lot but I knew because it was spread out over time my bladder would fill slower than when doing rapid desperation.

We sat and we started watching the first film about half 9. It finished at about quarter past 11 and throughout the film I had 7 glasses of water. We immediately moved onto the second film and throughout that one I had another 7 glasses of water. The second film finished at roughly quarter to one and I was starting to feel my bladder beginning to fill. The third film started and lasted until quarter to three. Over the course of those two hours there were ten deaths which meant 10 more glasses of water. Matty went to make us both a sandwich and brought us both a cup of tea which I slowly sipped after eating my sandwich and we started watching the fourth film.

We finished the fourth installment at quarter to 5 and the film added another 10 glasses to my bladder. As the fifth film started I was starting to feel a little desperate as my bladder filled with the tea and water and throughout the film I kept shifting around as I kept getting urges. By the time the fifth film was over I had added another 6 glasses to my bladder and I was starting to feel really desperate. I could no longer ignore the need and was squirming and wiggling in my seat. It was now half past 6 and I knew we had roughly 3 hours to go and god knows how many glasses of water.

We started up the sixth film and throughout the whole movie which took us to half past 8 I was squirming and wiggling non stop and by the time the credits finished I was absolutely busting for a pee and was almost wetting myself. I knew I could hold for a while longer but was unsure whether I would make it to the end of the film. The sixth film had added another 13 glasses (four in quick succession) which really didn’t help my bladder and was the reason I was squirming and almost wetting my knickers. The last film started and I sat squirming and bouncing uncontrollably as my pee hole throbbed and trembled under the pressure of my bladder.

As the film went on I ended up drinking 10 more glasses and about half way through the film I was sat on the edge of the couch rocking back and forth and opening and closing my legs. There was a moment in the film where 3 people died and then 5 people were poisoned and I knew if I even had to drink one more glass I would burst and soak my knickers in pee. He let me off and said I didn’t have to drink anymore. Now all I had to do was wait until the end of the film. As time passed I got more and more desperate and I got to the point where I felt like I was seconds away from exploding and peeing everywhere but I had to keep holding. My desperation continued to increase and I honestly didn’t know how I was still holding, each wave of desperation that hit me I felt like I was going to burst .

Somehow despite my aching bursting bladder pushing hard on my pee hole I continued to hold. A combination of wanting to watch the end of the movie and the challenge of holding until it finished I think is what was keeping me going. With 15 minutes of the film left I started dripping into my knickers with each wave of desperation and they gradually got bigger until they turned into leaks. I was sat right on the edge of the couch with my hand pressed hard against my pussy in an attempt to keep my pee hole closed. The leaks continued to escape as the pressure got so intense and my knickers were getting so wet. With like 5 minutes of the film remaining the leaks turned into spurts and they were uncontrollable. Each spurt shot out of my pee hole and soaked into my knickers. 

The desperation I was feeling was so intense and I literally felt like if I moved I would explode. The final moments of the film occurred and I was sat begging it to hurry up. Finally the screen went black and the first credit showed up. I moaned out and went to stand up when Matty grabbed me and pointed at the countdown timer on the screen indicating it wasn’t finished yet. I moaned out in desperation as my bladder screamed in protest but the intense desperation and trying to keep holding was such a turn on. My hand went into my knickers and rubbed against my pee hole as I bounced like crazy watching the timer slowly tick down. My fingers kept getting wet as spurts escaped and shot over them. I was practically wetting myself where I sat and it was taking every ounce of concentration and determination not to do so completely.

Eventually the screen went blank and I stood up. The sudden impact of gravity made me spurt and I thought it was over. I managed to stop myself losing all control but now I was stood up the desperation and overwhelming need to release my pee was so much worse. I slowly shuffled and took baby steps towards the door with my hand jammed between my legs and pressed hard against my pee hole. I reached the door and walked out into the hallway and when I looked at the stairs I just knew that there was no way I would make it upstairs without wetting myself. That thought alone made me lose a 3 second spurt and it splashed onto the floor below me.

I bent over and squeezed my legs hard together around my hand. I looked around frantically trying to think of something before I completely flooded the floor. I suddenly had an idea and shuffled my way into the kitchen losing leaks with each little step. I moved over to door to the utility room and quickly grabbed the mop bucket from the side of the washing machine. I placed it on the floor and its like my bladder knew that relief was so close as she starting contracting like crazy causing me to leak and pee to stream down my legs.

I frantically to pull my knickers down but I couldn’t without removing my hand and removing my hand would result in me losing all control. With my spare hand I pulled my t-shirt out of the way and in a quick motion I sat down on the bucket and the moment I took my hand away my pee hole burst open and a massive torrent of pee came gushing out. My knickers were soaked through within seconds and the sound of the strong stream hitting the bottom of the bucket was so loud. I moaned out as relief washed over my body that was absolutely orgasmic. The stream kept coming and coming and it felt like it was never going to stop. I couldn’t breathe properly it felt so good.

The relief was so wonderful I felt on the edge of a massive orgasm and the feeling of pee gushing out of my pussy was adding to the pleasure. Once the stream died down the desperation to pee was replaced by a feeling of desperately needing to cum. My pussy was dripping with arousal and needed release so badly. My pee hole was aching from holding for so long and I had to rub her to ease the aching sensation. However I wasn’t prepared for just how turned on I was. I slid my hand into my knickers to rub my pee hole and as I did my palm brushed against my clit and without warning pleasure surged through me and I had an explosive orgasm.

The sudden explosion of pleasure made me fall off the bucket and left me lying on the floor trembling and shaking and clutching my throbbing burning pussy. The pleasure continued surging through me and eventually after a couple of minutes it died down and I was left with a wonderful warm tingly feeling. I suddenly realised Matty was stood in the doorway. I smiled at him and he just shook his head and said “erm….well….erm...ya know….WOW!!!”. I giggled and he helped me up. I emptied my bucket down the drain and went and flopped back on the couch. We ordered take away and after eating I was still insanely horny and we spent the rest of the night enjoying my soaked knickers together ;).

That was the most intense desperation I have ever felt and the most wonderful feeling of relief. In retrospect its not surprising as throughout the day I had two cups of tea and the equivalent of 1 pint an hour throughout the movie marathon. I am surprised I held all that for so long. The power of wanting to watch movies is stronger than my bladder :p

