Maid soaks me

Author: Guest RNA3210

*000*2018-08-26 11:29

We hired a maid who used to come every day at nine in the morning.Her house was a bit far from ours and most of the days she used to come running into the house dropping her bags on the floor and straight into the toilet.I think the one hour journey or the morning cold fills her bladder fast or he has a small and weak bladder.She used to wear a sari(traditional Indian clothing) and its quite sexy to see her run to the toilet in that.On some days the used to be trails of drops of urine on the path to the toilet.I once happened to see her wiping the pee drops on the floor.She saw me watching and responded with a naughty smile.So let me go straight into the hottest incident that happened.

One day she came running in dark blue sari(looking like in the pic below) looking really desperate as if her pee wold just blast out of her pee hole,she collided with me near the front door.

(She might have not noticed me coz she was really desperate,running looking down and pressing the sari onto her vagina tightly). Due to the impact we both fell,she over me.She tried to get up,but suddenly something stopped her and she moaned and held her vagina tightly.I understood she had started leaking as I heard a loud hiss which lasted for 3 secs.She tried another attempt to get up again but she couldn't and she started peeing with full force.She started moaning and her eyes welled with tears.The sari was getting more wet and pee started falling on my stomach and thighs soaking my T-shirt and shorts.

The warmth of pee and her body assets touching me started an erection and she might have felt it.I couldn't move away because of her weight.

And after a 50 seconds lasting pee she could finally get up.She got up and muttered a sorry. She wad thoroughly embarrassed and she was sobbing.

Just imagine the condition of a 30 year old lady who peed accidentally on a 21yr old guy.I acted good, offered her some clothes and told her that I would wash my clothes myself,hiding my erection.After this incident we used to talk more and she shared many more wetting incidents and just laugh when we happen to remember this incident.

