Don't ever try to walk 5 miles with a full bladder

Author: Guest WetM8

*000*2021-07-12 06:46

I'm new here so this is my first post and it's a story that happened to me a couple months ago. Have fun!

It was 4 maybe 5 pm already and I did not wanted to be at home for the weekend so I decided to go downtown, but I've been reading some self-help books and articles so I decided to go walking to enjoy the beauty of life.

I got myself prepared and hydrated (I drank about 3 175ml glasses of water, about 6 oz. for my fellow american out there) to go on this "adventure", I left home and went on my walking journey. When I got to the third mile (going) I started to feel like I had to be, but it wasn't that bad so I just ignored.

Things started to get really bad after 4 and 1/2 miles. I felt a lot of pressure on my bladder but at this time I was already in downtown heading to this place I wanted to visit (a gorgeous cathedral), I was really starting to get desperate.

At about 5 miles I was already sweating out of desperation because I didn't wanted to wet myself in front of lots of people and tourists so I gave up on going the extra mile to get to the cathedral, I stared heading back home and frantically looking for any public bathroom but no luck.

At about 1 mile heading back home, I felt the urge grow stronger and stronger and I couldn't help but leak a little bit on the red briefs I was wearing, I felt really nervous and I blushed out of shame that somebody would notice but hopefully I was wearing a black shorts so I shouldn't mind as much as I did.

At about 2 miles going back home I decided to go through another path which is more secluded. I walked for about 30 minutes into this path and my bladder was already hurting. I began to burst, first a small leak and then a bigger one. I was almost giving up at this point but then I remembered that there was a park nearby which had public bathrooms.

I was almost running to get to this park when I began to leak again, I could feel a wet patch growing bigger and bigger on my briefs. At the point that I got to the park I could feel it dribbling down my legs a little of pee.

At this point I just couldn't hold anymore and definitely couldn't make it to the bathroom which was still about 1/4 mile and sat down on a bench, in an area barely visible by any bystander, and just let it go.

The feeling of the warmth liquid pouring down my briefs and into my butt cheeks as I released more and more. I could feel the stream running down on my balls and making a puddle on the bench. It took almost a minute until I stopped peeing. It was genuinely one of the best feelings ever and I didn't wanted it to stop.

When I finished I wasn't really worried at all, I think my brain stopped functioning correctly after so much pleasure. So I got up and felt the still warm pee running down my legs from my soaked briefs and started walking towards home again. At the time I got home it had dried up already.

As it already had a big, awesome, pee stain on my briefs and I was already feeling like going to the bathroom again, I just went to the toilet wearing only my damped briefs and let it all go! Which felt nice, and now I could see it getting soaked and see the reflection of the light on my soaking briefs.

It made me very horny and I decided to just stay in them and play a little bit.

If you guys like my story, I'm gonna do a holding either tomorrow or the day after wearing the same briefs and I was thinking about taking some pictures of it too, to make it more interesting.

