A Series of Desperate Events

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-08-21 13:29

I had a fun desperate filled evening last night. Going out for the night with fellow omo lovers can be quite fun. I will post the story in parts as to avoid it being too long and make it easier to read. Hope you enjoy.

Part 1

So I shared the story of my sister in law’s accident on Friday and I thought that was fun, however it turned out that the fun with her didn’t end there. After her accident on Friday we sorted through her shopping and chatted for a while. The topic of weekend plans came up and I told her that I didn’t really have any plans outside of my normal weekend. The only difference was that late Saturday afternoon Matty was going away to a stag weekend to the coast and would be staying over till Sunday lunchtime. When I told her this she asked if I had plans and I told her I was probably just going to stay home and chill out. She told me that she and her gf were going out for some food then going out for drinks if I wanted to join them. I decided it sounded fun and she said to make it easy I could stay at hers afterwards so I wouldn’t have to get a taxi home.

So yesterday I spent the most of the day with Matty then around 5 o’clock I dropped him and his friend off at the train station then headed over to Sarah’s. When I got there she poured me a glass of wine and we sat chatting for a bit before I went and used her shower and got dressed to go out. When I came back downstairs Sarah checked her watch and said that Stacey would be getting home from work soon so she would go and shower then Stacey could be getting ready whilst we were sorting hair and makeup. She went upstairs and I set about drying my hair. By the time she finished and dressed Stacey came home and she went to get ready. Pretty soon the three of us were ready and we headed out to the restaurant in the town centre where they live. Whilst at the restaurant we bought a bottle of wine to have with our meal and after we had eaten we walked down the road to a cocktail bar.

We enjoyed trying the different cocktails and chatting and after about an hour Sarah’s phone went and when she checked it she told us that some of her friends were in town and asked if we wanted to go meet up with them. We agreed and phoned for a taxi whilst we finished our drinks. We went and stood outside and after a few minutes the taxi rolled up and we jumped in the back and told the driver where we were headed. He set off and we sat back and talked about the places in town we could go. 

Sarah said her friends we were going to meet her friends in the club they were in but then we could go wherever. As we drove along I noticed Stacey’s legs had started tapping and bouncing slightly and I obviously wasn’t the only who noticed as Sarah asked if she was okay and she just smiled and said “yeah, just thinking I should have had a wee before we left”. After that she didn’t mention it again but as we neared our destination the signs she needed to pee got more prominent and it was obvious she was getting quite desperate.

Fifteen minutes later we pulled up in the town square and paid the driver and set off walking towards the club where Sarah’s friends were. As we walked along Stacey said “oooo I will be glad when we get there I’m busting for a pee”. We walked down the main precinct through town and as we turned the corner we saw the club up ahead and because of the time it was starting to get busy and there was a small queue of people outside. We got to the back of the queue and stood waiting. Stacey stood fidgeting and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs and after a few minutes said “I don’t think I can wait until we get inside, I’m almost wetting myself”. She put her hand between her legs as if to emphasise what she said. She stood subtly dancing for another few minutes and in that time we had moved forward but there were still a few groups ahead of us.

Suddenly she leaned in and whispered “I’m going to have to go and pee, I’m seriously bursting and I definitely won’t make it if I have to wait till we get inside”. We walked out of line and walked down around the plaza and down some steps that lead to the main road. Halfway down the steps she stopped and started dancing from foot to foot and asked if there was anybody about. I looked down the steps and couldn’t see anybody and Sarah did the same at the top. As soon as we said it was clear her hands shot up her skirt and she yanked her knickers down, squatted and released a powerful stream down the stairs. 

As she did she moaned in relief and the look on her face showed just how much she was enjoying it. Watching her stream gush out and flood down the stairs was turning me on and I just stood watching the beautiful sight before me. After a minute of full force the stream died down until eventually it stopped and she sighed happily. She pulled her knickers back into place and with a giggly smile said “boy that feels better”. She saw me and Sarah staring at her and added “and it looks like you guys enjoyed it too”.

We walked back up the steps and back around to the club and joined the queue. Ten minutes later we were inside and met up with Sarah’s friends. We had a couple of drinks in there then moved on to another club. Throughout the night we worked our way across town visiting pubs and clubs and having a good time dancing and flirting and getting tipsy. At about half 11 two of her friends left us to go home and we decided to do the same. The best place to get a taxi would be the town square so we set off walking that way.

When we got there there was a small line at the taxi rank which was to be expected but luckily as it was only half 11 it wasn’t as busy as it would get. We joined the back of the queue and stood waiting. After a few minutes a taxi turned up and the people at the front got in and drove off. One of Sarah’s friends looked around and said “I could do with a wee and I think I better go before we get in the taxi, I have a bad track record of almost peeing myself in taxis. We all laughed and Stacey pointed just down the road and suggested we wander down and use the public toilets outside the shopping centre. We agreed and set off down towards the toilets.

*001*2016-08-21 14:08

Part 2

We wandered down to the public toilets and it seemed of the five of us it was only the girl who mentioned needing to pee that wanted to use them. I was fine having had a wee not long before leaving the last club and I think the same could be said for some of the others. When we got to the toilets we found both the ladies and gents locked up for the night. We knew this would most likely be the case as during the day the toilets were the automated kind where you put the money in and it opens the door. However towards the end of the day when most of the shops shut an attendant comes round and checks them before disabling the coin machines and locking them up. After that the night toilet is opened which consists of one stall for both genders to be used in the evenings.

When we walked round to the other side of the building where the night toilet was located we found a group of people waiting outside it. We stood around behind the group to wait. The two girls in the group ahead of us used the loo and then just as one of the guys went in two girls came round the side of the building and came and stood behind us. As soon as they stopped one of them started fidgeting and moaned that she really needed a wee. Her friend said she did too and then they started chatting. 

Our friend was starting to show signs of getting really desperate but nowhere near as much as the girl behind us seemed. The two remaining guys in front of us used the loo and whilst they were the two girls behind us both seemed to be in desperate need. They were both stood with crossed legs and subtly dancing. As the last guy came out and the group moved off one of the girls behind us said “excuse me, would you mind if we went ahead of you, it's just there are 5 of you and we both really need to pee”. We told them that only one of us was using the loo and they said “oh okay, then go ahead”.

Sarah’s friend went into the loo and the two girls moved around us and stood next to the door. One of them crossed her legs and put her hand between them holding herself. I guessed that since she announced to us that she needed to pee she no longer had cause to hide how badly she had to go. She broke out pee dancing and said to her friend “oh god I’m bursting”. A minute later our friend came out and Sarah said “I think I should go too before we leave”. The girl behind us moaned and said “oh god can I go first, I am literally about to wet myself”. Sarah said she could go first and she dashed in. As she did her friend called after her “be quick, I really need to go too”. 

Sarah told the girl she could go before her as well and then turned to me and Stacey and winked. I realised that she probably didn’t have to go pee but was just saying she did so her two friends wouldn’t walk off allowing us to witness the girls desperate wait. She stood leant against the building stepping from foot to foot and occasionally holding herself. Sarah, Stacey and I were just stood staring at the girl enjoying the show. After a few minutes of desperately dancing and knocking on the door a few times her friend came out and she went inside. We stood waiting for a few minutes before she came out and both girls walked off. Sarah went in and whether she peed or whether she just went in to keep up the charade I have no idea but when she came out we headed back up to the town square and waited in line at the taxi rank.

We stood waiting for about 15 minutes until we were first in line and then a few minutes later a taxi arrived and we got in and set off. One of Sarah’s friends lived on the way and we were dropping her off and then the other friend was coming back with us to continue the night at Sarah’s house as she lives just down the road. We drove out of the town centre along the main road and after 5 minutes we pulled off into a residential area and dropped off her friend. As the taxi set off again I noticed that my bladder was getting pretty full and I realised my thought of having pee’d not too long before was now almost 25 minutes ago meaning I last pee’d almost 40 minutes ago and the mass of drinks I had consumed during the evening was now rapidly filling my bladder. As we pulled out back onto the main road I realised we had about 20 minutes before we reached Sarah’s house.That seemed to make my need worse and I started shifting in my seat.

*002*2016-08-21 15:12

Part 3

As the taxi drove along I became aware of just how full my bladder was and how desperate I was. Now that my attention was on my desperation I couldn’t but react to it and started shifting and squirming in my seat. After 10 minutes I was busting and my bladder was almost full to the brim. My motions hadn’t gone unnoticed and I noticed Stacey looking at me. When she saw me looking back she smiled and asked if I was okay. I leaned over and whispered “I really need a wee”. She bit her lip and whispered “oh good”. I asked why it was good and she whispered “because I’m absolutely busting for a pee and I’m glad I’m not the only one. Hearing her say those words turned me on like crazy and when I looked down I noticed she was subtly rubbing her legs together.

For the next five minutes the both of us sat there tapping our legs and gently squirming. As we reached the town centre Sarah’s friend looked out of the window and said “oh good, we are almost there, I’m dying for a pee”. Now she had said it aloud I was no longer bothered about hiding it and said “yeah me too, I can’t wait to get there”. Now we all knew we needed to pee we sat squirming and squeezing our legs together. Sarah being the only one who wasn’t desperate teased us all and we were glad when we pulled up outside her house. We all got out and whilst she walked around to pay the driver the three of us walked up the drive and stood dancing. 

Now I was stood up it was so much worse. Stacey pulled her keys out and her friend said “hurry up Stace, I’m nearly having an accident”. I nodded and said “yeah me too”. Then a thought hit me and I knew Stacey knew about the rules that Sarah and Matty’s family about calling dibs on the bathroom. As Stacey opened the door I quickly said “first dibs on the bathroom”. Her friend obviously knew they system and moaned “oh god, then I call seconds”. I kicked my shoes off and went up the stairs.

I dashed to the bathroom and quickly pulled up my skirt and having no time to pull my knickers down I quickly yanked them to the side and moaned in relief as pee erupted from me and splashed into the toilet. It felt so good to release the pressure and I just sat there enjoying the sweet sensations. Eventually when the stream died down I let my knickers pang back into place and then let my skirt fall into place. I quickly washed my hands and when I opened the bathroom door Stacey appeared at the top of the stairs heading for her bedroom but instead quickly turned and said “screw seconds, this is my house”. She dashed past me and into the bathroom. I walked over to the bedroom where I was sleeping that night and put my bag and sweater away.

I heard someone coming up the stairs and when I looked out of the door the girl walked over to the bathroom and knocked and as she said my name I responded behind her. She swung round and said “oh thank god”. She grabbed the door handle and pushed. Obviously she found it locked and I said “Stacey went in there”. She stuck her hand between her legs and brought her leg up and bobbed down. She knocked on the door and shouted “hurry up Stacey, I am dying out here”. I heard a muffled response and she replied “well you better, any longer and I am going to make a puddle on your floor”. She stood doing a sexy pee dance accompanied by gasps and moans and then suddenly she knocked again and said “please Stacey, please hurry, I’m practically wetting my knickers”. 

That line almost floored me and I suddenly wondered if her knickers were getting wet under that dress of hers. Before I could judge an answer the door opened and she dashed past Stacey and as she didn’t bother closing the door there was a loud noise of pee hitting water and a long moan of relief. It kept going and going and going and I just loved the sound. Eventually it stopped and she came out and whispered something to Stacey. She went into Stacey’s bedroom and I followed them in. Stacey opened a drawer and said “take your pick”. She looked inside and pulled out a pair of pink knickers. When she saw me standing there she laughed and said “I had a little accident”. The thought that she had started wetting herself whilst waiting was super hot and as she walked out back to the bathroom Stacey looked at me and knew what I was thinking and winked and said “oh yeah”. We both laughed and went downstairs to find Sarah.

She came down not long after and we put some music on and made cups of tea and sat around talking and winding down. After an hour she said she had better head home and stood up and took her cup to the kitchen. I was sat in the chair enjoying the feeling of my bladder getting quite full once again having broken the seal. When she came back from the kitchen she grabbed her bag and walked out of the living room followed by Sarah. I took my own cup to the kitchen and then went to say goodbye and found she was stood on the doorstep talking to Sarah. I then noticed Sarah was stood leaning on the door and was lifting her left leg up the back of her right one and kept making little bobbing motions. Knowing her like I do it was tell tale signs she needed to pee.

*003*2016-08-21 16:20

Part 4

As I watched it became more apparent that she needed to pee. She was doing the move that I absolutely love. Where a woman hooks her foot around the back of her leg and slowly moves it up and down. I realised the way she was stood she was hidden behind the door so that her friend was unaware of the motions she was making. As I watched her I realised that she hadn’t used the bathroom since we left the club and I wondered how badly she had to go. Stacey came into the kitchen and saw Sarah doing her little pee dance and smiled. She walked back into the living room and then went upstairs. Sarah and her friend continued chatting for a while and as I watched her desperate motions it just made me realise how full my bladder felt and how badly I needed to pee.

I was going to go and pee then I figured that’s where Stacey had just gone so I walked back into the living room and sat down. After a few minutes I heard them saying their goodbyes and then Sarah came into the living room and said “has Stacey gone to the bathroom”. I nodded and she said “typical, I should have just gone before”. When I looked at her puzzled she said “I was just about to go and use the loo before she said she was leaving, I figured I would see her out and then go but she can be very talkative and I didn’t want to seem rude and make her feel like I was kicking her out so I kept talking and tried not to show her I was busting for a pee and just waiting for her to leave.

I laughed and said “yeah, I did notice you seem a little fidgety, plus watching you made me really need to go and I was going to go but Stacey beat me to it”. A few minutes passed and Stacey reappeared in the doorway. As she did Sarah got up and headed up to the bathroom. I squirmed slightly as urges hit me. I noticed that Stacey was wiggling too and I asked what was up. She winked at me and said “I need to pee”. I told her I thought that was where she had just been but she shook her head and said “oh no, I went for this”. 

She held up a key which I recognised as the key for the lock on the bathroom door. Just as I was about to ask Sarah appeared back in the doorway and saw the key in Stacey's hand and said “did you lock the door?”. Stacey nodded and said “yep, I couldn’t just have you going off and peeing, where would be the fun in that”. A smile spread across Sarah’s face and she came and sat down and started squirming. Stacey looked at me squirming as well and said “it’s simple, we are all busting for a pee, we are all tipsy and have all broken the seal”. The last one still holding can have the key and may use the bathroom. She placed the key in the middle of the table and sat back.

It took a moment for what she had said to register but once it had I was filled with excitement. We all sat squirming and moaning as we talked and listened to the music. After 15 minutes all three of us were stood holding ourselves and dancing in desperation. My bladder was pushing so hard and trying to make me lose it. My knickers were damp with a few drips that had escaped but it felt so good to hold. It was obvious we were all bursting and close to wetting our knickers, the question was who would be first. With my weakened bladder it was hard to hold. I started leaking and they came thick and fast. Before I knew it I Was spurting uncontrollably and suddenly a massive wave of desperation hit me and the floodgates opened. Pee spilled out from under my skirt and ran down my legs and all over the floor. The others cheered at my loss of control and when I stopped peeing I grabbed the key off of the table and dangled in front of them, teasing them with the promise of the bathroom.

They both kept dancing and squirming and desperately trying to hold on. They were both leaking and had pee slowly running down their legs. It just remained to be seen which one would flood first. After a few valiant minutes of squirming, gasping and moaning Sarah suddenly moaned out and then the sound of pee splashing on the floor followed. She spread her legs open and let the flood happen. She moaned out in relief as her bladder emptied. Stacey celebrated and begged me for the key. I said I would come and do it for her, with shaky hands it would be hard for her to open the door.

I walked upstairs with her slowly following me. With each step up she had to stop and regain control. When she reached the top she walked over to the door and pushed it expecting to be open. When it didn’t move she begged me to open it and I just smiled and whispered “oh no, you don’t think I would pass up an opportunity to watch you squirm and beg for relief do you”. She pouted at me and begged me to let her use the bathroom. I relented and opened the door and just when she thought salvation was near I walked over and sat on the toilet.

She looked at me open mouthed and I said “you begged me to able to use the bathroom, you never mentioned the toilet”. I winked at her as she protested but I just shook my head. I think that was the final straw for her poor bladder as in a flash she was flooding the bathroom floor. I sat there admiring her sexy accident and when she finished there was a clapping sound and Sarah was stood in the doorway and said “good job Gem”. I curtseyed and then we figured we should clean up and head to bed. After we cleaned up the bathroom and the living room I went up to my bedroom, stripped off and got into bed. As I laid there listening to the TV in the background my mind raced with images of the things I had seen that night and got myself all worked up. Had I been allowed to cum I would have gone crazy and had a string of orgasms. Alas I did not have permission so I just laid there squirming with arousal until I fell asleep. And to think I was just going to have a quiet night in

