Josie’s daddy

Author: Good Josie

*000*2023-04-26 18:39

Hi, I’m Josie I’m new to posting! Her’s a story about a boyfriend who used to love controlling my bladder! Happy memories. This is based on experiences I remember, might not be 100% accurate to any one particular day though!

”Daddy, pleeeease!” Josie whined, grabbing her crotch. This was her favourite game - filling up until she was desperate and being such a baby about her need. Her face was contorted and bright red and she got more and more upset. Her Daddy (her boyfriend, but today he was Daddy) growled his response:

“No baby! If you needed a wee you should’ve told me sooner!” It was true, Josie had a bad habit of refusing to admit her need until it was urgent. Several times Daddy watched her squirm in her seat and grab her little pussy for some relief. Each time, he gently asked “Is something wrong baby?” and furiously Josie shook her head and denied it.

Tears welled up in Jodie’s eyes.

“Daddy I can’t hold it much longer!” She wailed.

“Just five minutes” he promised, in a soothing voice. This was their game - Daddy would keep saying 5 more minutes for as long as he pleased and Josie knew it. He handed Josie a glass and reminded her to drink up. She gulped down a mouthful and shook her head, but quickly polished off the pint when she was met with an angry look. A couple of minutes later Josie started whinging again.

“Daddy please I need to wet myself!” She cried. She never asked to go potty, she was a pathetic little girl who just wanted to piss herself.

“Just one tiny little drop, please Daddy,” she sniffled.

”Ok baby, one drop, but NO MORE.” The emphasis on these last two words warned Josie there would be punishment if she dared to wee for too long. Delighted, she slowly relaxed until a little wee escaped. Daddy shoved a hand down her leggings to check how much she had wet. Satisfied, her forced her to keep drinking water.

This pattern repeated a couple of times. But Josie just couldn’t wait any more, and when Daddy let her have the next drop, a large spurt for several seconds soaked her ass, and she struggled to regain control. She got a spanking for that.

”If you need a wee you can go on the potty now baby!” Daddy announced. Josie did not like that. She wanted to wet herself.

“No Daddyyyyy,” she cried “I want to go wee wee in my panties! Please Daddy!!” She was getting hysterical. He gave in, looking at her poor little shaking body, and her face screwed up with tears threatening to spill.

“Alright baby, just this once, but Daddy has to watch.” Josie squealed with delight, and ran to the shower.

Taking a seat opposite her, her Daddy grinned. He wasn’t letting her off that easy. Another torte round “5 minutes” would teach his kinky little girl.

Josie couldn’t wait 5 minutes. She squirmed and wriggled, and slowly started to let out longer spurts. A large one drenched her thighs, and she gave in to the organising feeling. She moaned as piss poured down her legs and pooled around her white socks. She sank into the puddle, leaning back and rubbing herself through her glistening wet leggings. This was the best feeling in the world. She was a naughty girl and she loved it. She tried not to rush the wee, savouring every second. After the last few drops finally escaped, she remained sat in a large yellow puddle snaking towards the shower drain. Yet again, Josie had pissed her panties in front of her Daddy. She was a little girl who would never be potty trained.

