Wife recreates one of my favorite wetting videos

Author: Guest

*000*2021-03-22 04:50

Awhile back there was a thread about your favorite go to clips. Without too much explanation at the time I posted my favorite go to clip.

Girls piss in and on jeans - H - MOTHERLESS.COM.mp4

The wetting itself probably isn't the best you've ever seen and even I'd prefer to see the back of her jeans afterwards but the embarrassed lines at the end are perfect. Her embarrassment rings so true one could easily believe she's doing this more for a partners enjoyment and not her own. Or it could just be a really well made video and we can all find our own hidden meanings or interpretations. In any case this is easily my favorite video for all these reasons and more.

So where does my wife come into all this? Well recently I asked my wife if we could record her doing a wetting instead of just taking pictures. Initially all I was hoping for was to record a simple wetting video of my wife. Without much thought she said that she would be okay with that. As usual I can't exactly accept a simple yes when it comes to this particular fetish. This is my fetish not hers so I always make sure to stop and check in with her that she's okay with doing/trying things. We talked and I made sure this was something she was comfortable trying.

With my wife's typical attitude she said it wasn't really any different than the photos we've already taken together. She sees the photos as an outlet mostly for when we can't do omo related activities or for when I'd like to look at "adult" content. She also really seems to enjoy the idea that whenever I want to look at wetting porn I can look at her. This is something we definitely have in common as I do enjoy porn, especially wet porn, but I much prefer looking at wet porn of her.

She asked what exactly I'd like to record and at first we talked about simple wetting ideas and scenarios. That's when she asked, "Don't you have a favorite video?" Not being able to resist I told her about the video and we even watched the original together. The only problem she foresaw was learning all the lines, but already thinking ahead I knew cue cards would be the perfect solution. With the only hurdle already solved she was ready to recreate a wetting.

So last week she got dressed, dank some water, waited quite a while, and then entered our shower. Aside from a few false starts she did an amazing job and we were able to almost perfectly recreate the video, with just a few additions (like showing off the back of the jeans). Afterwards I checked in to make sure she was okay and to my surprise she really enjoyed it. Knowing that my she would be my new go to really made it all the more special for her too.

As usual the video and couple of photos that we took are just for us but the story itself can be shared here.

