Free time turns Into leaky mess

Author: Guest

*000*2024-10-30 00:20

Hello there wonderful pee peeps.

So tonight I had way too much free time to myself and decided to make the best of it, though it turned into much more of a wet mess than I was expecting.

A little backstory about me. I've been apart of this site for AGES, though I'm more of a lurker, and never post or comment on anything.

Omorashi has always been a part of me since like the 6th grade. I've always enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder. Sadly, though, I don't have anyone to share it with. My fiance has tried it on a few occasions and it grosses her out too much for it to be enjoyable to her (and thus she refuses to go anywhere near it). Ever since, I've just kept it to myself and enjoyed it on special occasions, like tonight for example.

About 3 hours ago she decides that she is going to spend the evening with her friend. (I had gotten home from work shortly before this and had already downed a full beer). As she tells me this, I get the devious idea to do a hold in her absence.

Immediately after she left, I decided to grab another beer, which I immediately chugged, and fill up a 32oz glass with water. (Mind you I had only eaten a sandwich before this, so the alcohol really worked it's way through me rather quickly) As I finished my water, it was roughly 5:00, at which point I could feel a small twinge in my bladder, roughly a 3/10.

While I waited, I decided to start picking up stuff around the house and organizing a bit. Bringing out trash, doing some dishes, vacuuming, etc., till about 5:40 my bladder suddenly jumped to a 7.

Now, normally when I decide to hold, I have horrible self control and give in wayyy to early. This would be the point I would normally go to the bathroom, or decide to pleasure myself a bit. Tonight I wanted to change that. I came up with the idea to take a walk around town.

Now, I live in a rather small community of only 600ish people, so town really isn't that big. But nonetheless I decided to drink another 16oz of water and set out on my way.

At first it wasn't bad at all! After turning out of my driveway I set off down the street, feeling my bladder sloshing around side to side with each step. I definitely needed to pee, but surprisingly it wasn't too uncomfortable! Keeping my mind off of the hold while walking really seemed to help. About 15 minutes later, things changed. I felt my bladder suddenly start to tense up. I went from a 8/10 to a 10/10 within what felt like seconds. Before I could really do anything, a small jet of pee shot out of me into my boxers. Not enough to make a wet spot on my shorts, but I could feel the wetness press against me. Not my mind starts to race. "Did I wander off too far? Can I even make it home now without making a mess of myself?"

I decided to keep pushing forward with my walk. Another 5 minutes pass and I am now only 4 blocks from our house when another leak starts making it's way out. This time, it left a damp spot the size of an apple on my shorts.

"Crap"

I pick up the pace and start heading home as fast as I can without seeming out of place on a nice evening stroll.

3 houses down my bladder starts to tense up again. I can feel the pee pushing, wanting to get out of my tired and overstretched bladder. I hold the tip of my dick through my pocket, desperately trying to hold on while I make the last few steps towards the front door. As I start to fumble with my keys, I of course drop them and have to bend down to pick them back up. In doing so, causes the flood gates to suddenly, and with force, open wide and drench my shorts and feet in a warm stream of piss.

In my life, I have never had such a forceful pee. The amount of pressure coming out of my dick felt so amazing. It really was almost orgasmic. I rush inside, pull down my soaked shorts and boxers, and have the best solo orgasm I've had in years. It. Was. Amazing. The amount of relief I felt after was something I really cannot describe. God I wish I had someone to hold with.

