Bedwetting when sharing with parents

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2014-08-10 01:32

After Paperhearts topic about wetting the bed from pee dreams, it got me thinking about my most embarrassing bedwetting incidents, and I realised that two of the most embarrassing both happened when I was in my parents' bed...

I'm really curious about whether anyone else had incidents like this, and I thought I'd write out my 2 below in case anybody else is interested:

The first time I've been thinking of was when I was 12. We'd gone away on holiday for my parents' anniversary to this really fancy hotel, and I remember my parents making a really big deal of explaining to me how important it was that I not wet the bed. (I was just about stopping at that age, but it still happened occasionally.) They were very much of the opinion that it shouldn't still be happening to me anyway, but they were particularly stern in warning about it for while we were staying there - I think it was something to do with damaging the beds at this fancy place, and having to pay for it etc. They had been so serious about it that they'd suggested I wear Goodnites for the few nights while we were there, which was something that they NEVER suggested otherwise. They actually did put my little sister in Goodnites for the nights we were there, but I'd been horrified at that suggestion for a girl my age, and had refused.

Anyway, each night we were there came and went. I was so, so careful about not drinking much in the evening and making sure I used the toilet before bed - and each morning I was dry. I felt especially nervous ahead of the final night, but again when I woke up in the morning I was dry. I felt so delighted that I'd not let my parents down after they'd made such a big deal of it, that I immediately jumped out of bed and hurried through to their room to tell them. Normally I'd have been embarrassed to act like *not* wetting the bed was a big deal for me, and normally they wouldn't have been willing to act like it really counted as an achievement (since they thought I shouldn't be wetting it anyway), but on this occasion I was just really pleased that I'd acted grown-up, and they understood that and were very relieved that I'd kept the bed dry.

My mom was in the bathroom when I went in, so I went straight over to their bed to tell my Dad. I would have gone to the toilet first otherwise, but I couldn't since she was in there, and in my excitement I don't think I realised how full my bladder had been when I woke up. I told my Dad that I hadn't wet the bed, and he was really pleased for me, and encouraged me to sit in their bed and wait for my mom to come out - so that they could both say well done. I sat there waiting, squirming slightly, but not really worrying about it because I was awake now, and it didn't feel like I was really bursting. My mom took a while in the bathroom though, and when she came out she went into the dressing room, so my Dad decided to go use the bathroom while we were waiting for her.

So with suddenly nobody to talk to, and sitting back in bed (although their bed now, not mine), I began to feel a bit drowsy. I lay down so I could get under the duvet while I was waiting for them, and without meaning to I just fell back asleep. I think when they both came back into their bedroom, they saw I was asleep and decided there wasn't any need to wake me up right away, so they just carried on getting ready for the day, checking if my sister was awake, etc.

But inevitably of course, back asleep without having emptied my bladder, this time it was too much for me to hold on. When I woke up a little while later, and immediately felt that horrible, familiar warm wetness underneath me and between my legs, I was absolutely horrified. As I realised what had happened, I was so frustrated and disappointed in myself that I just burst into tears - and confronted the inevitable horror of having to tell my parents...

The other time was when I was 13. We were on a trip this time also, but we were staying for just one night in a motel where we had a King-size bed and a small Single. My parents were putting one of us in the King size bed with them, since the Single was too small for me and my sis to share. Normally I guess I'd have preferred to be in the Single (rather than sharing with my parents at 13), but they made it clear that the decision for them was about who was less likely to wet the bed - since it would be so much more fuss if the kid sharing with them was to wet - so naturally I was very keen that they make it clear I was more grown up by putting my sister on her own.

I'd had one wet bed not long before though, and had wet myself (in circumstances that I felt weren't my fault) just the day before, so they started planning that they'd better put me in the Single bed. I was horrified that they were basically saying that I was more likely to wet the bed than my little sister, but to my relief in the end they decided that it did make more sense for her to go in the Single.

So anyway, that night we went to bed that way: my sister in the Single, and me in the King bed where my parents would be joining me later. Once we were heading to bed, they left the rooms for a bit, and I found myself all alone in this massive bed. At that age, I was getting quite into pleasuring myself sometimes, and that seemed like a very tempting time to do it. I guess it wouldn't have been if I'd thought of it as "my parents' bed" - but this was just somewhere that we were staying for one night, so really I just thought of it as a big, comfy bed where I was all on my own. So pretty soon my hand ended up inside my pyjamas as I writhed in pleasure under the duvet - and before too long I came.

As the orgasm rolled over me, I closed my eyes and tipped my head back in pleasure - but I remember thinking how important it was that I now used the bathroom, because an orgasm always makes me need to pee, and I'd had issues before from having one in bed and then not taking care of my bladder before I went to sleep. Unfortunately I must have been more tired than I realised, because in those couple of seconds that my eyes were closed, I just fell straight asleep. The very next thing that I was aware of was my parents (who had come back to the room later and got into bed) waking me up in the middle of the night because I'd flooded the bed with them in it.

Anyway, happy to answer any questions if I've forgotten any important details. But I'd love to know if anyone else ever had a similar experience in terms of wetting their parents' bed as a kid?

