A very wet holiday!

Author: Guest

*000*2022-08-25 22:19

Hey guys! 🥰

Long time no speak! It's been over two years since my last post and in all honesty the time has flown by! I have still been lurking, as some of you may have seen - but I haven't had the motivation to write up one of my (many) accidents in quite a while. However, this all changed when I was chatting with some of my girlfriends the other day.

We were talking about bladder control & how as we have grown, our bladders seem to be betraying us! The story that very quickly came to mind during this conversation was during a trip I took to Berlin during the summer of 2019, when I was still a fresh faced, happy go lucky 21 year old, with the world ahead of her.

If I may set the scene, it was quite late at night and my friend Betsi and I had been drinking (HARD) for a number of hours. Now, as many of you will know from my previous storytimes, drinking and Rosie don't tend to mix very well. That's not to say that I don't enjoy drinking, that couldn't be further from the truth, my bladder on the other hand? Absolutely hates it.

We had been at this gay bar for a considerable amount of time, dancing with locals, throwing back shots and generally just enjoying the vibe. Betsi had disappeared (typical of her) so I decided, rather than spend the remainder of the evening searching for her, I would go out of my way to find someone to go home with. There was only one little problem - the urge to pee was beginning to ever so slowly creep up on me.

For the time being, I put it out of my mind and focused on the task at hand. Since this was an LGBT friendly space, I fancied my chances with this gorgeous brunette who was at the bar alone, waiting to be served. We got talking and before long, we were holding hands, moving through the crowd and onto the dance floor. She was Italian, with perfect English & ferocious green eyes - I knew that whatever happened, I wanted her.

Luckily for me, within a few minutes of dancing, we were kissing and kissing hard. Now, I should remind you that by this point, I was becoming desperate. I knew that the fact we were dancing was making it easier for me to curb my need to pee, as standing still would surely spell disaster. However, as I was so engrossed in what I was doing, and not wanting to ruin the moment, I continued to kiss this beautiful girl and dance the night away.

At this point, it may be worth mentioning what I was wearing. I am quite a quirky girl, I love my fashion and would regularly wear rompers of all colours and styles and tonight was no different. Rompers are gorgeous, although those girls or guys amongst us who have had the pleasure of wearing a romper will know that they are not the best in terms of easy access. By now, my Italian stallion and I were most likely approaching a good half hour of letting our tongues get to know each other and shall we say, our hands were beginning to wander.

I am not usually the type of girl who would undertake any sort of sexual activity in public, but a little over the clothes, heavy petting is certainly not off the table. However, as her hand began to travel south, I felt my body spasm in a way I can only attribute to nervous energy. Within half a second, I knew that I was in deep water, as I felt a sudden dampness between my legs and a warmth spread across my panties. I immediately pulled away, much to the surprise and shock of my gorgeous Italian counterpart. She asked if I was okay and before she could notice, I slid my hand down between my legs to assess the damage. There was certainly a wet patch, more than you would expect from such a small, quick leak.

In almost record time, I explained my situation and led us both towards the bathrooms, where I was met with a familiar, sorrowful sight. A line of ladies, out the doors of the girl's bathroom. As we waited, I began to fidget and squirm. It wasn't very well hidden either, as my Italian beauty had noticed. She asked me whether or not I could hold it, although I insisted that I could. Slowly but surely we inched our way to the front, but before I knew it, I had leaked another 3 times. There was certainly no hiding my accident now, as the romper I was wearing was a light blue colour that very clearly displayed my accident to the world, not to mention the fact that my knickers were now soaking wet.

By the time we reached the front of the queue, I was bouncing from one foot to another, breathing heavily and generally just not having a very good time. I had contemplated running into the men's bathroom, but previous experience told me to stay put. As we waited for the last girl to come out of the stall, I began to feel that all familiar trickle creeping down my butt and into my trainers... it was quite literally a matter of seconds before my efforts would be futile and I would have to accept defeat.

Finally, our moment came and as the final girl left the stall we bundled in and locked the door. My brain seemed to enter a moment of 404 Error, because I started to try and pull my romper down like a pair of pants. In a moment of sheer panic, I began pleading with my Italian goddess to begin unhooking the buttons at the back. However, in her drunken struggle, she seemed to be stuck, all whilst I am releasing a slow stream of pee.

Before long, I had had enough and pulled away from her and realised that my efforts were futile. As if possessed, I threw myself onto the toilet and began pissing, hard... all whilst looking up at this beautiful Italian girl - who looked back with a mixture of horror and pity. As I finished up, I began to profusely apologise, drunkenly stating that this happens a lot and that I should really be more careful. But, before I could finish my sentence, she put her finger to my lips, took my hand in hers and walked with me out of the bathroom and back out onto the dance floor.

Now, I won't go into detail about what happened after leaving the club, as a lady never kisses and tells (too much at least 😘) but it's safe to say that that night will live long in my memory and restored my faith in humanity all the same.

I hope you've enjoyed this storytime with Rosie! Please, if you have any questions, drop them below and I will be more than happy to answer them.

For now, stay safe and stay soggy...

Lots of love,

Rosie 💮

