3 Holding Challenge

Author: Graphical

*000*2017-07-29 12:10

Before I begin, please note that I am not the best typer. There may be grammer issues and typos, and even spelling mistakes. Thank you for understanding.

Anyways, today I'm going to share a story about when me and my 3 others friends decided to do a Holding challenge, but the loser(s) would have a bad time.

To Keep there privacies, there names will be Alyssa, Jordan and Matthew.

So, let's begin. It was a warm evening, and Alyssa invited us to her house for the weekend, as her parents would be gone (she was 15, I was almost 15, and Matthew was 14, but we were good friends). so we did. Anyways, Alyssa's house was kind of big. she once said it was 4,500 square feet, so. Anyways, sicne we all knew we liked omorashi, we decided to do a holding challenge. However, Alyssa is kind of Sexual to us and other people that are in her house and like omorashi. So, what the rules were are "We all hold for 5 hours. We will start off drinking 1.5l Evian bottles, and every 30 minutes, we will grab a 500ml bottle until the 2 losers piss themselves. Winner gets $70."

Here is where me and Matthew hated this part. What she said next was kind of a shocker. What she said was "If i get 1st or 2nd place, I will kick the losers in the Balls 3 times, as hard as i can. Then you will have to pay $20 for losing to a girl." we both said this at the exact time though; "Well, ok, let's do it!". Anyways, we started drinking the 1.5l Evian bottles and the timer started. Now, i have measured my bladder capacity (825ml max), and I didn't think much of it. I thought it would be kind of easy. The Evian bottle deferentially kick started the thing for me, because like seriously, 1.5l then 500ml every 30 minutes!! We ended up finishing in about 10 minutes.

30 minutes pass, and we all chug the 500ml water bottle. Poor matthew, I know he may be into omorashi but damn, does he have a small bladder. Me and Alyssa were laughing, but we knew it wouldn't be easy for him. Another 30 minutes goes by, another 500ml down into our mouth's. about 5 minutes into that, Matthew is defiantly struggling to keep his bladder in check, but it's obvious now because he is holding his dick and starting to dance a little. I did notice Alyssa getting a little desperate, but not as much as Matthew. Myself, i could defiantly start to feel it, but nothing too bad. another 10 minutes goes by and Matthew is starting to dribble a bit. Alyssa said "Well, I guess 3 kicks for you! it's ok, you won't be like us, just empty it out!". "He Responded, No... Please No..".

The thing about Alyssa is that when she sees things like that, she gets very impatient. So the next thing that she does, it go behind Matthew and press on his Stomach. I guess the distraction worked, because the next thing you know, Matthew lets go of his dick, and he just starts wetting himself. We just looked, as he was pissing with full force for about 30 seconds. Alyssa just said "Well, I guess you were unlucky. Time to win this!". 

15 minutes later, we chug another 500ml. I can defiantly see Alyssa getting Very desperate. She dancing around a little bit, and I'm feeling it to, but it defentially hit me hard. I felt the first wave and i had to hold by Dick for a moment. Luckily for me, Alyssa was focused on her while I did that. About 10 minutes goes by and were both desperate. Of course, were both in it to win it. So we both didn't give up. But. 5 Minutes Later, she told me "You win, just let me go to the bathroom" I replied. "Yes, you can go to the bathroom, in your panties." She simply said "Fuck you. Really."

"Well I see you getting Desperate. Lucky you, you get to use the toilet because you're about to win". I needed to go really badly, but I wasn't showing it. Then she said. "Well then, I will do it, but i have to be in the backyard, all the way to where the fence is, then you will run all the way to the toilet, if you make if you win." Her backyard is half of an acre, so I replied "Why not". So, me and her were going, until she stopped halfway and said, "I can't hold it anymore, but you still have to go all the way there and back". She was pissing for so long, i felt it coming, and i had to grab myself before her reality becomes mine. I ran all the way there, and then i started to run back. I was holding my dick so hard. When i made it back inside, I was dribbling, but then I made it. Man I felt so relived. Poor Matthew though, we got in 3rd, and he got his punishment, but i got my $70.

Hope you enjoyed, please up my rep if you think it was good!

