Unexpected Bedwetting

Author: Gizmo

*000*2020-02-03 13:10

I've just had one of my closest to genuine bed wetting experiences I've had so far! Feeling very excited but also a little bit concerned I may be indulging myself a little bit too much.

Last night I had a maybe 4-6 beers while watching the superbowl with a couple of friends. I didn't think too much of it and went to bed without a diaper on. The past few weeks I've been wearing diapers to bed intermittently. I've also been increasing my diaper usage during the day. Mostly just on weekends, however I've also been wearing on the week nights too. As a result I think I've unintentionally trained my bladder to release when feeling pressure. Come around 3 am I feel quite a warm sensation going on, and I wake up realizing I just wet the bed. It's very hard to tell if I was awake during the wetting or my bladder just slightly woke me up and prompted me to release. Either way, it was very exciting! I've always wanted to have a genuine bed wetting experience however thought I would be diapered for it! I inspected the damage, and sure enough there was a big wet patch underneath with my underwear soaked.

I was a bit concerned at first, however the concern more quickly turned to arousal and I had quite a bit of fun at the thought of helplessly wetting myself in my sleep. After enjoying myself for a moment, I put on a diaper and towel over the wet spot and went back to sleep. Interestingly I had a dream where I told a friend of mine about the bed wetting and she helped me clean up which I quite enjoyed. I wet the diaper a couple of times, these I were more aware of but, not very if I'm honest.

Luckily my mattress has a protector on it, and seems most of it has been soaked into the mattress topper that I have, which I'll have to try to get the smell out of. Not sure if this was just due to the alcohol, or the increased diaper usage. I must say I'm okay with it, with a touch of concern. Maybe I should lay off the diapers for a bit? Or maybe it's a sign I have to wear at night.

At any rate, I felt like I wanted to share this experience. Anyone else have this sort of result from wearing diapers too much? I know I've heard stories similar to it before. Thanks for taking time to read.

*002*2020-02-04 14:09

I think you may be right Novak, I honestly can't remember when I went to bathroom before hand so it could have been a good while. I more or less just laid down and passed out if memory serves me. No bed wetting happened tonight, but wore a diaper just in case.

