Caught construction worker pissing

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-08-09 05:57

Not wetting, but a nice sighting from a few years ago. I was living in a place with an empty lot nearby, and eventually someone bought the property and started putting up a new house. I could see the building taking shape from my window. There were several construction workers coming and going during the process, and I'd watch them sometimes out of curiosity.

Time passed and the roof was put on. One day in the late afternoon, I was walking through my house and happened to go to the window, looking out at the construction. A couple of workers stood on the roof, backlit by the setting sun. It took a moment to register what I was seeing, it barely felt real, but there it was: one of the workers was peeing off the edge of the building.

Even at that range it was obvious. He stood with his legs slightly apart, hips thrust forward, hand on his dick, and a long glimmering arc spraying from him. He was facing to the right, so I had a clear view of the distance his stream was shooting. I was transfixed watching him piss. He just kept going for about 30 seconds. A fence blocked the view of the ground, where there would definitely be a huge puddle, but the thought of it splashing from that height was exciting. When he finally finished he shook off his dick and went back to work.

It was probably more about convenience than desperation, but his bladder was clearly full. I still feel lucky that he decided to piss from that roof in public right when I happened to be looking

*002*2020-08-11 13:15

{{On 8/9/2020 at 9:31 PM, Tentacool said:

You sure it wasn't out of desperation? If his stream went uninterrupted for 30 secs he must've been holding for a long time... I don't think he could've made it to a toilet.

}}

Maybe so! I felt like I'd be getting my hopes up if I assumed he was desperate It's more fun to think he was though.

