Wetting at a High School

Author: gaygabey

*000*2016-08-30 22:23

Yo yo yo yo. Gabey here, and they're back at ya with a first story!

So let's start at the beginning. When I woke up this morning, my need was barely in the morning, (which is odd, because usually in the morning it feels like I drank three large, black coffees, and have been holding for 3 hours. It works out great for me because everyone in the house is usually gone when I wake up, and I can wet my pants whenever I want before school starts.) so I skipped that this morning, took a shower, changed into light blue panties, thin tights, a skirt, and walked to school.

During the school day, I love to do holds, then wet myself at home. I love the thrill of someone just maybe knowing that I was about to burst.

I have a strong bladder, so I have to bring lots of water if I want to do this. So ofc I had been drinking my water throughout the day, and at the very end of the day, I was definitely full. My last class is Jazz Lab, and I play the piano. The thing about the piano is that the bench is absolutely cold, and no matter how long you sit on it, it will never warm up. That put my desperation from a 6 to an 8 in a matter of just sitting on it. I can usually distract myself, but not today. Today the trombone section was goofing off (yet again) but would not listen to anyone. Our teacher was trying to calm them down, but they wouldn't listen, and so he straight up yelled at him. He lectured them for literally 5 minutes straight, so during that time obviously I wasn't playing piano, and my concentration automatically went from getting the rhythms right, to trying not to grab my crotch in front of 14 people.

I don't remember what I did, but I let my guard down for a second, and I could feel my legs relax. And then I feel a quick jet of pee squirt into my panties, dampening my crotch, and making me quietly groan trying to stop it. It worked, but it definitely weakened my strength in my crotch muscles.

The fatal flaw in my plan, though, was I forgot I was going to stay after school to watch my best friends volleyball game. That meant I had to stay after school for 3 more hours, plus the 45 minutes to watch her game.

I really tried. I did I swear, but after my first leak, I gave in and had to find a restroom asap.

By that time, it was about 5:45 so all the teachers had left, but that still didn't stop my thrill of stopping in front of wide open classroom doors, and grabbing my crotch or stopping in the middle of the hall and grabbing my throbbing holes from leaking more golden fluids.

I finally got to the restroom on the other side of the school, and nothing could prepare me for the cold air that blasted me when I opened the door. My need went straight up to a 10, and I sprinted to the last stall, locked the door, and the flood released. At first I tried to stop it, but finally I gave up, and got lost in the moment. Pee fell down my locked knees like waterfalls, warming my cold legs, and moisture staying in my almost sheer black tights. Finally after what felt like forever, my strong flow slowed down to a trickle, and a quick orgasm, I came back to the real world. I had no idea what to do, so I dashed asap. Now looking back on that, I should have at least tried to soak some up. Oops...

Sorry for making my first story so long. It was amazing feeling the wetness of my accident afterwards, cooling on my legs through the thin stockings.

*005*2016-09-17 20:52

{{10 hours ago, KingKong-IL said:

Something about this story feels really off and fake. You went to your friend's volleyball game and when it was over you went to pee and there were NO teachers? When I was in high school, games held after hours would be well known and advertised ahead of time and the teachers who would stay and watch were in charge of making sure students staying were all in the gym and would clear out the halls. Some even did patrols. Then when the game is over, they have to make sure everyone leaves as well except the players of course because the coaches would be with them still. You may be telling the truth and your language is just unclear or I misinterpreted you but as I read it now, it feels fake.

}}

Ah the thing was this was like at 5:45 at night so literally all the teachers went home, and now that I'm rereading this, it was just a scrimmage and not a game so there were no coaches or anything. I realize now that it sounds quite fake haha oops...

