A night of drinking results in a huge desperate wetting accident!

Author: Guest kc_rules

*000*2018-05-20 18:33

I'm feeling slightly nostalgic this evening, possibly due to the glorious weekend weather we've had (here in the south of England at least anyway!) and as such I thought it would be an ideal opportunity to share one of my favourite ever desperate holds which resulted in a huge wetting accident. I'm in the mood to maybe have another hold this evening as it's been simply ages since I last had one. That depends how I feel over the next hour or so. Anyway here's the full story behind my wetting that day as well as a link to it if you'd like to see. Hope you all enjoy it!

"I had met up with a good friend tonight at a local pub and although I had gone to the bathroom before heading out I decided that I wouldn't go to the toilet for the duration of the evening. Now to begin with this wasn't a problem and we had drunk 3 pints each without myself feeling the need to empty my bladder or use the bathroom. There was a good local band playing in the pub as well which contributed to the atmosphere and we were really enjoying ourselves. As we ordered a 4th pint each my friend told me that he would have to leave soon in order to catch the train home (he lives about a 20 minute train ride from me). This was probably just as well as mid way through my 4th pint I felt a distinct urge to go the toilet and I knew before long that due to the amount of beer I was consuming I was going to be pretty desperate soon enough (my friends don't know about my desperation fetish and I'd prefer to keep it that way!)

We finished our pints and he head off back to the station and I told him that I would probably stay until closing to see the rest of the band's performance, hopefully he didn't notice me slightly squirming around in my chair as I said that. I ordered one more pint and enjoyed the band's cover of the classic Undertones track 'Teenage Kicks' all the while feeling a distinct and large growing kick of my own in my bladder which was quickly calling for release. After about 20 minutes I drained my beer saying goodnight to the local staff who know me quite well and hoped they didn't clock on to the fact that I was walking rather quickly as my desperation began to grow ever more urgent!

My flat is about a 15 minute walk from the pub and I walked back quickly, occasionally grabbing my crotch as I did so as the pressure on my bladder began to increase and I realised I was at a solid 8.5 on my desperation scale and I should hurry home if I didn't want to have an embarrassing accident in the street on a Friday night. By the time I made it home and into the safety of my apartment I was clearly at a 9 and edging towards 9.5, my God did I have to pee but I decided to go onto my balcony for a cigarette ( a terrible vice of mine is that when I have a few drinks I have to have a few smokes). Going back into the cold air of a Friday night so soon after retreating to the warmth of my flat was a huge mistake and I thought I was going to lose control of my bladder there and then! I somehow managed to hold my pee, grabbing my crotch for dear life with one hand whilst the other soothed my nicotine desire as I puffed away on my cigarette.

As I headed back inside and closed the balcony door behind me, I was faced with a stark choice; quickly run to the toilet to relieve my aching bladder or see my hold til the bitter end before wetting my pants. Well I'd had a few drinks inside me so I thought what the hell and decided to film my final frantic desperation. I honestly tried my best to hold my pee and ignore the frantic signals my bladder was giving me but it was no use. Within a short time, my body betrayed me and I began to feel a desperately relieving warmth spurt into my underwear and rapidly run down my legs.

Oh God! The relief was incredible and so was the feeling of losing control of my bladder as I relentlessly and completely pissed myself. It just wouldn't stop! The rapidly gushing pee ran all down my legs completely soaking my pants and chinos and for over a minute and a half I emptied the contents of my bladder into my clothes. By the time I was finished, my poor chinos were just dripping with warm piss and I was just kneeling there in a huge soppy pissy puddle of my own making!

Now I'm sitting back at my PC typing out the account of my evening knowing I should really go and change into some dry clothes but the feeling of sitting in my own wet soaking mess is incredible and I might just enjoy the feeling a little while longer. I can already begin to feel my bladder filling rapidly due to the amount of liquid I've consumed and I'm sorely tempted to just sit here and let nature take its course. I think by then I may have to take control of the other 'feeling' quickly growing and relieve myself of that particular tension as well. Of course that will result in a different sticky type of wetness altogether!!"

%https://player.vimeo.com/video/181261541?app_id=122963"

