Wetting Panties and Wearing Them

Author: gobphus

*000*2015-02-10 15:35

Rachel (@rachelkirwan

) suggested that I make my comment on "Peeing through my Panties" into a separate thread, so here goes...

Wetting panties (or briefs) is definitely thrilling and inexpensive, and I love to read about girls doing it and wearing them afterwards, especially when they wear them to bed. Keeping panties on after wetting them is certainly naughty and provides a constant reminder of having wet them. I myself am more inclined to wet pullup diapers, since they retain more pee than briefs, stay warm longer, help me avoid getting my furniture wet, and prevent public embarrassment. Too bad the good pullups are so expensive. Some people like to wear and wet their panties inside diapers, thus combining the wet-panty feeling with avoiding obvious wetness – but this solution risks exposure if the panties wick wetness to the non-waterproof sides of the pullup.

Has anyone tried wearing plastic pants over wet panties? The non-crinkly PUL pants would be best for avoiding noise, but I've had problems with two different brands leaking.

A few days ago I put on a pair of black women's panties, sat on the toilet, and wet them. I was pointed up and made a nice little fountain of pee. (Sorry, but I didn't have my phone for pics.) I then put on black PUL pants and wore them under jeans. I kept them on all day, maybe eight hours.

The first thing I noticed was that the wet panties felt cool on my bottom. An hour later, the bottom of my jeans was damp, despite the PUL pants. There's so little moisture in a pair of wet panties that I expected the PUL pants to contain it. At first I blamed the plastic pants for the leak. Now I suspect that, when I peed my panties on the toilet, some of my pee got onto my legs. I never wiped after wetting, so my legs may have already been wet when I pulled up the PUL pants. Next time I try wetting panties I'll be more careful.

Two hours later I peed my panties a second time. This time I took a video of the entire wetting, as well as my pulling up the PUL pants after I finished. So then I was sitting in truly wet panties, protected only by the same PUL pants that I used earlier. The PUL pants seemed very slightly damp just above the elastic around the leg openings. Maybe these pants work well enough after all that I can routinely use them to enjoy the feel of wet panties all day long. Here is a link to the video I made:

%https://drive.google...4Vkk&authuser=0

I wet my panties two more times, for a total of four, pulling up the PUL pants afterwards each time. I stank a bit, and my jeans were damp, probably because of my failure to wipe my legs after wetting.

To cap off my wet day, I kept my PUL pants in place and wet my panties a fifth time. The panties were saturated and couldn't absorb much if any of the fresh urine, so I knew I was dependent on the PUL pants to contain my wetness. I could hear loose pee sloshing around in the PUL pants, but they didn't leak. Yay! I felt very naughty for wetting panties at all, and even naughtier for wearing them and for wetting them inside plastic.

Next time I do something like this, I'll probably just wear my usual black cotton briefs. They'll hold even more pee than the panties did and that may cause more of an odor problem. I expect wet briefs will feel even wetter than wet panties but not so kinky.

Here's a pic of my wet panties (sorry for the inverted image):

Explicit Content

*003*2015-02-15 00:12

{{ 

I'm a bit awkard about pictures.. so i didn't look at it <\\\< but I wish i could wear wet panties more often especially when sleeping but having that wetness against me causes my bladder to flip out and spurt a lot... so more bed wetting would happen... heh heh. that's why i prefer diapies <3 but i will say the wet panty feeling, Happens a ton with urine and... other liquid for me.

}}

"Heh heh" is right. Why not wear wet panties inside your diapers? You can play that way too and not have a wash to do in the morning.

*005*2015-02-15 00:57

{{ 

Nice story and really nice pic, very sexy

}}

Thanks, Gemmy. I thought I had replied to your comment earlier today. I mentioned how the pic reminds me of the one of former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner that showed the outline of his penis through his (dry) grey briefs.

*007*2015-02-17 12:18

{{ 

I admit I've been entertaining the idea of getting panties over using my current briefs so I envy you.

}}

I mainly wear black JKY briefs, but occasionally I like to wear a black panty that I keep in my underwear drawer. Wearing panties doesn't excite me as much as wearing diaper does. It's a challenge to keep my hands out of my wet diaper and I often like to feel their bulk with my hands. However, I must admit that as I lay in bed wetting yesterday I was really tempted to rub myself. Luckily I refrained, and was rewarded with a very satisfying orgasm later in the day. How I envy women, many of whom can climax intensely multiple times a day!

*008*2015-02-17 18:23

Here's my best picture of wearing and wetting my black panties.

Explicit Content

*010*2015-02-23 23:11

{{ 

Nice story, the 'little fountain of pee' made me smile. I've often wondered how it doesn't go everywhere when a guy's 'pointing up', but by the sounds of the fountain it does ;). x

}}

If my penis is free to flop around, it can spray everywhere, but inside those black panties it was constrained and the fabric retarded the flow of my pee so that it didn't go very far.

*014*2015-03-07 13:14

{{ 

Great pictute. But I couldn't see your video?

}}

Oh, right, I've shared the video only to some friends. I'll have to think about how to make it more widely accessible. Thanks for letting me know about the problem.

*015*2015-03-08 14:45

{{ 

Great pictute. But I couldn't see your video?

}}

Try this link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8Mw3i6q3RfPbzY4WldBNFk4Vkk/view?usp=sharing

*016*2015-03-08 23:03

For privacy reasons, the video mentioned in the story is no longer available.

