Tales of Alice #2 - After the Wedding

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-01-05 17:43

Not long after the events of the first story Alice ended up moving in with us. As we hung out quite a lot and she spent a lot of time at our house she would often end up sleeping over in the spare room and a few times we joked that she should just move in. Then unfortunately her Great Grandfather died and in his will he had left his house to Alice’s Mum. At the time Alice’s parents were renting the house they lived in and decided to move into the house they had inherited. The house in question was in the next town over and Alice didn’t really want to have to move and be far away from where she worked and her friends. 

We talked about it and told her that as she spent a lot of nights at our house anyway she was more than welcome to move in with us and claim one of the spare rooms as hers. At first she seemed hesitant but we convinced her she wouldn’t be imposing and we would love to have her around all the time. In the end she agreed and that weekend we went and collected all of her things and moved her in. This story takes place a couple of months after the first one.

After what had happened in the first story she hadn’t said anything else about what she had done and saying she might do it again. I wanted to ask her but I figured it had been a one off and didn’t want to push the subject and make things weird. So I accepted that it would just be a happy memory and left it at that. However I would find that not to be true soon enough. Matty’s cousin and his gf were getting married and as family we were invited to the ceremony and the reception. The ceremony was being held at a church across town and the reception was at the function suite in the hotel just down the road from where we live so we decided we would drive over to the ceremony and then afterwards we would bring the car home and drop it off and then walk down to the hotel as it would only take us about 10 minutes and then we could enjoy ourselves and not have to worry about driving.

On the morning of the wedding we had some breakfast and then got ready. When Alice came downstairs she looked stunning in a black dress that showed off her sexy figure. Not to mention her beautiful orange hair stood out against the dark colour. I had put on my red dress which was a little more floaty than hers but apart from that they were very similar. We sat in the kitchen doing each other's makeup and finishing our cups of coffee when Matty came downstairs having finished showering and changing and asked if we were ready. I went upstairs to grab the bag that matches my dress and figured whilst I was there I would use the bathroom. I went and peed and then when I got back downstairs I found Alice and Matty were already outside waiting by his car. 

I put my shoes on, locked the door and went over and got in the car and we set off. It took about 20 minutes to get to the church due to normal Saturday traffic and when we got there we parked up and went to join the other people who were already there. We found Alice’s parents talking to some other people and went over to see them. After greeting them and exchanging pleasantries they held up glasses in their hands and pointed over the crowd and said if we wanted a glass of champagne they were handing them out over there. Matty went over and brought back two glasses for myself and Alice and we stood chatting. About five minutes later Matty’s brother appeared out of nowhere with a cheery greeting and held out two glasses of champagne. We looked at him puzzled and he told us he had accepted them but he didn’t drink and his girlfriend hated champagne so we could have them. We didn’t complain and both Alice and I took a glass off him.

We continued talking and going around saying hello to different people that we knew and did so for about 15 minutes whilst other guests arrived and we were then told we could go inside and take our seats. I finished my second glass of champagne and Matty took the empty glasses over to the table where they had originally come from and we ventured inside. We made our way down aisle and decided to sit on the fifth row back. We were the first on the row so Alice was sat on the end with me next to her and Matty on my other side. We sat and looked through the ceremony schedule we had been given whilst the other guests filtered in and found seats. Not long after everyone was inside and seated and then the ceremony started. The bride came in and looked absolutely stunning. She walked down the aisle and took her place at the altar and we sat back to enjoy the wedding.

As the ceremony went on I noticed my bladder filling thanks to the cup of coffee and two glasses of champagne. As time passed I gradually got more and more desperate and was soon sat shifting subtly in my seat. I checked the schedule and saw that there wasn’t long left which was good as I really didn’t fancy the idea of being super desperate in the middle of a church full of people. As they got to the exchanging of vows I noticed a brushing on my leg and looked down and found Alice’s leg bobbing up and down gently and I wondered if she too found herself victim to the champagne. For the next few minutes whilst the couple exchanged vows I couldn’t help sneaking glances at her sexy legs gently bouncing and enjoying the knowledge she may need to pee too. After the rings were given and the couple were pronounced man and wife there was a round of applause as they kissed and they set off down the aisle towards the door.

We watched as they went past and then people started leaving their seats and heading out of the church. I sat back down and commented on what a lovely ceremony it had been and Alice agreed. Then in a whisper said “I’m glad it's over though….I’m busting for a wee”. I laughed and told her I was getting pretty desperate too. She asked if the church had a bathroom and I said it did and that it was downstairs. I told her I was going to wait until we got home but she said “I think I had better go before we leave, I kept thinking if the ceremony went on much longer I would have to get up and leave I was getting that desperate. We waited for the mass of the crowd to leave and then left our row. I told Matty that I was showing Alice where the bathroom was and he said he would be outside and left with his brother. 

Alice and I walked over to the door in the corner of the church that I knew from past experience as a girl scout at church parade led down to the basement and the rooms that creeped me out when I was younger. We went down the stairs and upon reaching the bottom and turning the corner we found a few people stood outside what was the bathroom door. It seemed a few people had fallen victim to the effects of the champagne and had come to use the bathroom. Alice looked at the queue of people and said “I can’t be bothered waiting, I will wait till we get home. I asked if she was sure and she nodded and said “I can’t just stand here waiting, It will take as long to wait here as it would to get home”. I nodded in agreement and we went back upstairs.

When we left the church and walked over to the car we found Matty stood at the car with his cousin and told us we were giving him a lift. He and Matty got in the front and Alice and I got in the back and we set off. As we drove along I couldn’t help watching Alice fidget and squirm and after ten minutes we came into the town centre and hit the traffic lights. As we moved along through the traffic Alice got more and more squirmy and I asked if she was okay. She looked at Matty and his cousin in the front and leaned over and whispered “I’m bursting, I’m gonna wet the seat if we don’t hurry up”. I felt myself get aroused at her words and I whispered back “don’t worry babe, I’m in the same boat”.

Which was true, it seemed like the delay of getting caught in traffic had made my desperation shoot up and I too was feeling like I was close to leaking in my knickers. We finally got through the traffic and headed out towards the hotel. We pulled up at the end of the driveway of the hotel and Matty’s cousin jumped out and we continued up the hill to our village.

It seemed like now it was just the three of us Alice was no longer embarrassed and told Matty to hurry up as she was dying for a wee and about to soak the back seat. Matty laughed and said “i know the feeling”. I then noticed he was squirming as he drove and my arousal grew at knowing Matty was desperate too. A few minutes later we pulled into our driveway and parked up. We jumped out of the car and headed over to the front door. We all stood squirming and dancing as I fished my keys out of my bag and unlocked the door. We went inside and Matty kicked his shoes off and dashed upstairs. We did the same and followed him up and as we got to the top of the stairs we saw him disappear into the bathroom. Alice and I went into my bedroom and stood waiting desperately for Matty to finish.

When he did Alice asked if I wanted to go first and despite it being obvious she was more frantic than I was I accepted and went over to the bathroom. As I went in she followed me and watched as I pulled my knickers down and sat down on the toilet. I sighed happily as I released the pressure growing on my bladder and let a loud stream splash into the toilet. Immediately Alice stuck her hand up her dress and held her pussy and moaned. She started pee dancing like crazy and told me that watching me pee was torture. By the time I finished peeing she had started leaking and had pulled her dress out of the way and I could clearly see the wet patch growing on her blue knickers.

I took my time finishing and when I stood up and pulled my knickers back into place she quickly dashed over, yanked her knickers down and let out a huge sigh as she relaxed and emptied her bladder. I just stood listening to her strong stream and sighs of relief and found myself getting very turned on. I stood at the sink washing my hands and when she finished she came over and washed her hands. I was about to walk out of the bathroom when she grabbed my arm and said “i bet you enjoyed watching me like that didn’t you”. I looked at her sheepishly and she moved closer to me and said “don’t be sheepish, I am glad you enjoyed it, I wanted you to enjoy it”. 

I smiled at her and she leaned in and whispered “why do you think I didn’t pee before we left earlier….why do you think I said we wouldn’t wait in line at the church….why do you think I let you go first”. My mind raced as these thoughts processed. She pulled back and looked at me with a cheeky smile and said “its because I know you like seeing me in that state, and I like that you enjoy it, did you enjoy it??”. I nodded and said I enjoyed it very much. She smiled and asked “can I see how much you enjoyed it?”. Before I could say anything her hand ran up my skirt and made contact with my knickers. She pushed her finger against my pussy and felt the wetness there caused by her sexy desperation. She smirked when she felt it and whispered “my you really did it enjoy it”. She pulled her hand from under my skirt and kissed me on the cheek before leaving the bathroom and leaving me standing there unable to comprehend what had just happened.

