My boyfriend gave me permission to wet myself in the car.

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2016-04-26 02:33

Two days ago, I spent all day at a rec center with my boyfriend and my little brother and sister. We were mostly swimming. Since my mom works nearby, we rode home with her. Soon after leaving, we stopped at a McDonald's for dinner. Not my favorite, but I was really thirsty after being active all day. I drank at least three or four medium cups full of water and various beverages.

About ten minutes after leaving, still close to an hour from home, I whispered to my boyfriend that I should have gone to the bathroom before we left, and he said that he should have as well. It seemed as if all of the liquid had hit my bladder at once. I wiggled and whined to him in the backseat of my mom's minivan every few minutes. I have confided in him that I do have some issues with my bladder, but I had never had an accident in front of him, aside from when I was sleeping.

Eventually, perhaps twenty minutes later, I told him I didn't think I could hold it much longer. I was fidgeting constantly and holding back tears. He could tell obviously that I was in pain. He told me "It won't feel good when you do it, but you will feel better on the ride home if you just go. You can just change when you get home." I was relieved to hear him say something so comforting and cavalier about the situation.

I tried my best to hold it. I really did. Eventually, though, I starting leaking, and within a minute I had soaked my black swim bottoms and my navy blue shorts. As I peed, I leaned into my boyfriend, put my arms around him, and whispered "It's happening," before bursting into silent sobs. He held me close and rubbed up and down my back and told me it was ok, and that it didn't matter and he knows I tried.

Less than thirty seconds after I'd managed to stop the flow, my mom pulled into a gas station. My boyfriend and I looked at each other and couldn't help but giggle at the absurdity.

He asked me if I still needed to go, and I said yes. He told me I should go into the gas station and use their bathroom. I told him with wide eyes that there was absolutely no way I was going to go into a public place with obviously wet pants. He prodded a few more times to try to persuade me, but gave up after he realized my insistence. Part of me thinks that maybe he wanted to see my wet spot? It was dark in the van.

We spent at least twenty minutes sitting at the gas station. The van was overheating and it needed to cool off. During that time, it became obvious how badly I still needed to go pee. Seeing as he wasn't getting anywhere trying to make me go to the gas station bathroom, he told me a story about when he was on the train on the way to Chicago.

"I was on the train with my sister and I really needed to use the bathroom. I was really uncomfortable the whole time. Now I wish I would have just peed in my pants. Instead of hurting, I could have just peed myself and been like, 'Oops.'"

It was tempting, especially given his acceptance to the situation, but I was determined to at least try to hold it.

About halfway between the gas station and home, I began leaking again. I was so exhausted, my bladder muscles so fatigued, that I couldn't hold very long before completely releasing my bladder, making a puddle on the seat in the van. I don't think he even noticed what had happened until he saw me silently begin to cry again. He hugged me close and told me it was alright.

Ten minutes later, we arrived home and I raced inside to clean up. However, our omo story does not end here. The second half involves tequila, a river, and several of our close friends. Let me know if you'd like to hear more about that!

*015*2019-07-04 11:00

Sorry to necro this topic after over three years, but I wanted to update the masses and let everyone know that this man is now my husband! 😍

