Canoe Date Desperation

Author: Guest emptywaterbotl

*000*2016-06-25 22:30

Okay so I'be been a lurker for around three years and I finally decided to post something. This is an experience between my boyfriend, Alex, and I at our local state park. We have been together for almost two years, and he's super accepting of my fetish. However, we are still living at home and it's difficult to play too much. I have lots of stories of almost accidents, but he's never fully wet himself before.

I've been into omo since I was a kid, so I've definitely wet myself, but I have never actually been able to pee myself without wanting to. I don't know what it is, but it just gets painful and I let go. So I came up with a plan so we would both be able to hold it until impossible without getting caught – canoeing. We would be basically alone, and we could just jump in the water when done.

Alex got to my house at 9 in the morning and filled two large cups with water. My eyes got big as he downed one and gave the other to me. "Drink up, I've got a surprise in the car."

I slowly gulped down the water, wondering what he had in store. I already needed to pee a bit and was so excited for what the day had in store. I had spandex swim shorts. and a bikini top on. I knew it would show my bladder bulge later, and I got wet just thinking about it. Alex was gojng to seriously wet himself today, and so was I. When I finished the cup, we walked outside to his car and got in. There was two gallons of water sitting on the floor of the car. Gallons. Two of them. Oh god.

"One for me, one for you," he said laughing. I was getting nervous. He'd never seen me wet myself completely.

When we arrived at the park, I was already starting to squirm. The pressure in my bladder was getting bad. Alex didn't even show any sign of needing to go.

"Oh god Alex I need to pee already, this isn't fair. You should drink more!" I said with a nervous giggle and squirm. My legs were already glued together.

It took forever to get a parking spot, and even longer to get in the canoe, but finally we were off. I was squirming and rubbing myself. All I could think about was how we were going to pee. Uncontrollably. I thought about how it would sound, hissing out of our swimwear, and pouring onto the metal bottom of the canoe. I was getting really worked up, when suddenly the boat rocked. I screamed and held onto the side, twisting my legs together to hold on. I looked up to see Alex lifting up his gallon and downing almost half. Damn that boy can drink.

"I felt bad for you, you're already squirming and trying to hold it. I don't even have to go yet." He smiled and looked me up and down. An errection was growing in his swim trunk.

About ten minutes later I saw Alex start to shift around a bit.

"You okay?" I asked, knowing what the problem was.

"Uhh yeah just gotta go kinda. Nothing too bad, I can hold it." But he sounded like he doubted himself.

I was getting more and more excited as time passed. We rowed down the channels and relief got farther and farther away. I knew I couldn't make it back to shore in time if I tried. Alex was trying so hard not to show desperation, but with almost 3/4 of the gallon gone, he was squirming as well. His free hand was constantly on his semi hard penis.

We reached a big lake and as we made our way across it got harder and harder to row. I had drunk half my gallon and I was bursting, but I still didn't feel like I was going to have an accident. Suddenly Alex turned around. He hunched over and grabbed himself. "I don't think I can make it anymore. It's about to come out. I can feel it in my penis. If I relax for just a sec – oh! Oh god." A leak slowly made its way into his shorts and soaked through. It glistened in the sun and started pooling at his butt. More and more leaked out. He frantically squirmed and begged himself to stop. I watched, completely awed. He looked up guiltily, and said "I-I couldn't hold it."

I couldn't even speak, I felt like I could cum within seconds if I tried. Slowly I found words. "Do you still have some left"

"Yeah a lot. That just took a bit of pressure off."

I was dying I had to go so bad. I was squeezing my thighs together, and bouncing around. Alex watched, mesmerized, as my breasts jiggled in my bikini. I was staring to tear up from having to go so bad. It started to hurt. I still didn't feel like I was going to go involuntarily.

"Please we have to go back. I gotta find a bathroom. I need to go so bad." Tears were in my eyes.

Alex smiled gently, "You're so good. I love you, you can wet yourself. I don't want you hurt."

I shook my head and my cheeks burned with embarrassment. Why couldn't I just have an accident like a normal person. I was so embarassed.

"Jess, I-I need to go again. Really bad."

Suddenly pee started gushing out of him, cascading down his thin swim trunks. Squeezing himself and begging, he managed to stop, yet again.

Now if was getting to the point I could not even think. I just had to pee so bad. My bladder was pulsing. It hurt and I needed release. Alex reached out his hands and I grabbed them. Suddenly, he pulled my forward, putting ungodly amounts of pressure on my bladder. Finally I felt some pee spurt out. Oh it felt so good.

Alex looked at me straight in the eye and ordered me to let go. Right now.

Piss sprayed out of me, straight through my thin bottoms. It made a waterfall, pouring off the seat. I groaned in relief, and I heard Alex start wetting full force. I looked up and met his eyes. It was such an intimate moment. Pee pooled at my feet and I giggled at the amount we had let out. We rowed back to the dock, letting out pee out whenever we had the urge.

So yeah that's our story. Constructive is welcome. I've never wrote something like this, so any tips would be great. I hope you liked it. :)

