My biggest desperation and wetting yet!

Author: Guest kc_rules

*000*2016-04-02 07:42

I posted this in the Live Omorashi thread a couple of days ago but I felt it deserved its own topic as it's probably my biggest desperation and wetting incident that I've ever had!

I'd been doing a long hold to round off the Easter Weekend. It'd been about 4 hours since I last went to the toilet and in the time since I'd had 2 large cups of coffee and a bottle of wine. I was really desperate and getting to the stage where I was grabbing my crotch at every opportunity I could get. I was definitely a 7/10 on the need to go factor creeping up to an 8/10 quite rapidly. My plan was try to take my mind of my urgent need to pee by browsing the web or whatever and wait until I couldn't wait no more. At that point I was indecisive whether I'd run to the loo at the last minute or end up waiting until I couldn't hold anymore and pee myself.

The clock ticked by and I was almost at leaking point! I was definitely at a 9/10. I squirmed around in my chair like no tomorrow and my bladder was crying out to release the huge amount of pee it contained. I had got perhaps 10 minutes max before I completely soaked myself and as I began to feel particularly naughty that night I decided I was going to end up wetting in my pants and jeans and not the toilet

I realised there was just enough time to set my camera up to record my 'accident' before nature took it's course. God, I was absolutely fucking bursting!

When it came the release was just incredible and I had a long and much needed desperate pee into my pants and jeans. With every long hissy squirt into my underwear and jeans I valiantly tried to continue holding but the force was too much for me to handle and I continued to completely pee myself over the course of 5 desperate wet and pissy minutes. The puddle of pee pooled into a little lake underneath me and by the time I had completely emptied my aching bladder I was kneeling in a large river of my own making

I felt like such a naughty little boy sitting there completely saturated in my own urine but it was absolutely worth it. Man did I need to go and the relief, warmth and wetness I felt was like none I had before. I don't mind saying I was very very horny by the end of it. What a way to round off the weekend!

I hope you enjoy the video half as much as I had creating it!!

%https://vimeo.com/161253733

