I paid $1.75 to not pee my pants...
	and then got desperate again...
Author: Guest

*000*2022-10-15 17:13

Well today I almost had my first genuine accident in years...and I had to pay money to use the bathroom...

For context, I am a male, late 20's, athletic build, based in north-east USA, and I was wearing form-fitting dark sweatpants.

I've mentioned on here before that I'm a musician. Well, today I had to get up early to make a 2.5 hour drive home from last nights rehearsal. Normally, this is no problem. I pee before I leave, don't drink too much on the drive, and I'm more than capable of not needing a restroom. HOWEVER, and I'm not sure if these are the reasons, but this time I got up and peed in the morning as usual. Then I had a large glass of water and a medium sized mug of coffee, and nothing else to eat. I then left without using the bathroom again.

Well, almost immediately I realized I had to pee so I figured "ah, I'm sure I'll pass a gas station or something with a bathroom soon, I'll be fine"

Boy was I wrong.

An hour down the road I was absolutely bursting and hadn't seen a place to pee. I was so desperate I was holding myself which I almost never do. I'm looking and looking until I finally see a Dunkin Donuts. I was relieved, they had to have a bathroom for sure.

I pull in and jump out of my car immediately. I had to go so bad that I couldn't stand up straight. I was so damn full. I go inside and look around for their bathroom and sure enough, its out of order. I asked the cashier if they had another one and he said no, but the 7-Eleven across the street should have one. I run back to my car and drive across to the 7-Eleven and sure enough theirs it out of order too.

I couldn't believe it, I wish I was making this up. But I started to panic. I started thinking I might have to just get in my car and wet myself. I went through every store in the strip mall and none of them had public restrooms. I asked the cashier if they knew of anywhere close, they said the restaurant in the parking lot should have one. I run over and they of course have a sign that says "RESTROOMS FOR PAYING CUSTOMERS ONLY".

Now I had a decision to make. I don't have much money to my name and I really don't want to buy overpriced food just to use their bathroom. I think I wouldn't mind wetting in the car, but I don't want to sit in it for the next 1.5 hours in my trip. I go in and ask the guy if I can buy something really small just to use the bathroom and lucky he said okay. They just gave me a soda and I was able to go in and pee. I go in the and peed for a good minute straight. It felt so good, my whole body relaxed.

I paid for the soda and get back on the road, relieved and horny. But sure enough an hour later, I'm desperate again. Fortunately I was able to stop at a rest stop and pee this time without having and panic. I'm so wound up and horny I might just do an intentional hold and wet myself for fun!

Hope you enjoy my story 🙂

If anyone ladies would like hold with me or just chat about omo and encourage me, my DM's are open as well as my Kik @pissedjeansmetal

