Too Tight to Tinkle

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-08-19 18:52

This morning I got up, had a shower and headed over to my sister in law’s house. Next week is my goddaughters 2nd birthday and as my sister in law hangs out with us and our friends from time to time she has been invited to the birthday party they are having for the little one. She asked if we could go shopping as she had no idea what to get as a present and asked if I would go along and help her pick something out. When I got there she was sat on the sofa in her pyjamas and it was obvious she had just got up. She told me once her gf had finished in the shower she would get ready and we could head out. Her gf came downstairs not long after and after a quick chat she headed off to work.

Sarah went to shower and get dressed and I just sat and watched TV. When she came down ten minutes later she laughed and said she might have to look for some new pairs of jeans whilst we're out shopping and pointed out that the ones she had on were tight and joked about how she only just got her fat butt into them. She has recently put on weight and now her old clothes are starting to get tight. She purposely put on weight as recommended by her doctor and it certainly makes her look a lot more healthy and definitely gives her some sexy curves.

Once she was ready we jumped her car and headed into town. On the way she asked if I had had breakfast and when I told her I hadn’t she detoured and went through Mcdonald's drive thru and we got some breakfast and both got a big cup of oasis. We parked up and ate our food and then continued on into town. We parked up and wandered round town and decided first to head around clothes shops and find some new clothes. We wandered around the shops for an hour and half, picking out clothes and trying on different things and generally having a good time. 

After we both had a few bags of new purchases we continued browsing round now on the lookout for a birthday present. We went into the big toy shop and both being big kids we spent ages looking around and playing with all the toys. By the time we found something and bought it we realised we had been in the shop for over an hour. We decided that we would go to the market and then go somewhere and get a coffee and a bun and not long after we were sat outside a cafe enjoying a big cuppa and watching the world go by.

We sat there for a while and when we both finished we both decided we didn’t need anything else and headed back to the car. We got back and set off back to her house. After about 5 minutes she said “I probably should have had a wee before we set off” and shifted in her seat. I laughed and then said I should have too. Just as we had set off I noticed my bladder was getting quite full and I was desperate for a pee and as we drove along my desperation grew rapidly. Last night I did a hold and drank a lot of wine which usually weakens my bladder so I figured it was because of that, not to mention the oasis and the cup of coffee now filtering through. As time passed we both got more and more squirmy and desperate and soon we were both busting for a pee. We weren’t that far from her house so it wasn’t too bad but I was getting really desperate and it seemed so was she.

As we came into the town centre where she lived we started hitting traffic lights and roundabouts. At the first set of lights she stopped the car then stuck her hand between her legs and moaned “ooooo that coffee is hitting me now”. I laughed and nodded in agreement. I too was feeling the pressure of my full bladder and was squirming and trying to hold back from wetting myself.

After five minutes we had got through the town centre and was heading out towards where she lived. As we turned onto her road she moaned and pointed ahead. I saw she was pointing at the speed bumps around the school and I moaned too. With each bump we went over we both gasped and moaned as our bladders jumped and threatened to leak. When we finally pulled up outside her house and I jumped out of the car gravity took hold and I had to cross my legs to stop from bursting. We walked up the drive and I could feel myself about to start dripping and in the precious moments as she stood fishing her house keys out of her bag my knickers started getting damp as my bladder pushed hard. Eventually she opened the door and we went inside. She said I could go first as I was her guest and I dashed upstairs to her bathroom.

I dashed inside and quickly undid my belt. As I fumbled with my buckle I started leaking into my knickers and knew if I didn’t get my belt open within the next few seconds I was going to have an accident. I finally got my belt undone and pulled my jeans down and as soon as I did that I felt the flood coming so just sat down and pee’d full force through my knickers. The relief washed over me and I let out a moan. It felt so nice wetting my knickers and when I finished peeing they were so wet. I pulled my jeans up and the feeling of them now pushed tight against me felt amazing. I flushed the toilet and washed my hands then when I left the bathroom Sarah suddenly came dashing out of her bedroom and dashed into the bathroom.

I was about to head downstairs when she shouted my name. I walked back to the bathroom and found her standing stood in front of the toilet pee dancing. I was about to ask what she was doing but before I could say anything she laughed and said “I can’t get my jeans down”. I looked at her puzzled and noticed she had opened the front of them but when she pulled they wouldn’t pull down over her butt. I laughed and thought about helping her but knowing she is into omorashi I stood back and folded my arms and told her that was a terrible shame. She realised I wasn’t going to help and stood dancing and squirming whilst trying to pull down her jeans. 

After a couple of minutes of this she gasped and a wet patch spread across the front of the jeans and she moaned in desperation. She kept gasping and the patch kept getting bigger until she obviously realised it was no good and jumped into the bathtub and immediately pee soaked down the legs of her jeans and she moaned in relief. Watching her soak her jeans was super hot and I just stood there watching. When she finished she smiled at me and started giggling.

She jumped out of the tub and said “well, that’s one problem solved, now how do I get these jeans off. She decided they were old and she wasn’t going to be wearing them anywhere and gave me a pair of scissors and told me to go to town. I certainly enjoyed cutting her out of her pee soaked jeans and once they were off she stood there in her soaked knickers unable to stop giggling. She went and got changed and we went to chill out and sort through her shopping. Certainly a good way to end my morning

*007*2016-08-21 09:45

{{6 hours ago, johnnyc82 said:

This was an awesome story. Did you tell her that you peed through your knickers?

}}

After she soaked hers I showed her mine were soaked too to make her feel better

