Personal Toilet

Author: Guest savcatz

*000*2021-02-02 06:05

**this story involves sex, if you are not into that aspect of omo, please skip this story. I’m sure I’ll have more stories for you to enjoy without the sex aspect:)

This happened about two weeks ago:)

I’m always very open about my kinks when I go into new sexual relations. I love the thrill of finding someone new to play with, but also the possibility of humiliation that comes along with telling someone new is thrilling enough to make me cum in itself.

I’ll call him Eric for this story. I met Eric on tinder. My bio states that I’m solely looking for hook-ups and I was excited to see that his was the same as well. We spoke for two days and made plans to meet on the upcoming Thursday, which was 2 days away. I hadn’t told Eric about my love for pee over text, I find it much more thrilling to do in person. I got to his apartment around 8 and buzzed to be let in. When I entered his apartment he had some wine for us and we chatted a bit about our past experiences on tinder. I finished off the last of my wine and told him how much I was turned on by pee and that I wanted him to pee on me. He looked taken back at first, but smiled and said he would love to take part in that as he shared the same kink. We spoke for a while longer, as we (mainly I) finished the bottle of wine. As I set my glass down on the table, I felt the familiar twinge in my bladder and crossed my legs.

He noticed my movements, and placed his hand on my thigh moving it up under my skirt revealing my bare, shaven pussy. He pushed me back on the couch as my mouth met with his. The wine mixing between us as he slipped his fingers between my wet lips, circling my clit before taking them out and putting them into my mouth. With his free hand, he pushed my skirt up to my waist, and began undoing the buttons on my shirt revealing my 34 DD breasts in a black lace bra. Once again his fingers found their way to my dripping lips, and he slipped two fingers inside of me. I gasped, and, momentarily forgetting my need, leaked onto his hand. In an instant his hand was around my throat as he whispered in my ear that I didn’t have permission to go yet, and would receive punishment for this leak. His hands moved to his own waist as he took off his belt and revealed his beautiful cock.

My pussy throbbed for it to be thrusting inside of me, and he noticed my excitement. He put the tip in, and bent over me so his mouth was at my ear. He nibbled at my ear and put his lips against my neck as he thrust into me. I was in ecstasy, and then it ended. Just as quickly as he was inside of me thrusting, he was out, his cock laying on my stomach. I sat up in protest, but his hand once more was on my throat pushing me back on to the couch. I whimpered in delight, and then I felt something warm spread deliciously across my stomach. I looked down as he began to pee with much more force all over my breasts. Seeing this made me leak. Frowning, he put his free hand over my dripping pussy mouthing “not yet”.

This night doesn’t end here, but I’ll save that for another post.

