My wife peed herself at a urinal at the bar

Author: Guest

*000*2022-11-20 02:43

Yea you read the title correctly. Me and my wife went to a bar yesterday and it didn’t end well for her.

This particular bar is only a 10 or so minute walk away, so we decided to walk there. It was freezing cold, but we bundled up and walked anyway. I wore a hoodie, jeans, and a simple beanie. My wife also wore jeans and a hoodie, only hers was much thicker and fuzzier. She also had a beanie. When we got there, there was a decent amount of people there. We had already drank a few beers when my wife looked over at the bathroom. She noticed me looking and I nodded my head in that direction, asking her if she needed to pee. She shook her head, insisting that she could hold it until the line got shorter. The night went on and we drank some more. She drank quite a bit and unsurprisingly, I could see her trying to subtly hold her crotch. I smiled and grabbed her by the waist with one arm and took her to the ladies room. The line was actually longer now, and I could see the horror on my wife’s face as she realized this.

“Fuck! Are you kidding me?” She looked ahead nervously.

I chuckled. “Good luck!”

“Shut up!” She playfully said.

She was bending over more than she was standing up now. She was rubbing her thighs , and eventually her hands made her way to her crotch, where they rubbed her pussy for 10 straight minutes. She made it, this time around.

She desperately needed the toilet not too long after her first pee, but she made it again. The next time, however, she wouldn’t. We drank a bit more and by now she was drunk. It was very late at night now, maybe 1 am (I think). We decided to leave but not after one more, desperately needed pee by her. Only now, despite the ladies line being shorter than the last pee, she needed it worse than ever.

I needed to pee quite badly too, but definitely not as bad as her. We had both taken off our hoodies because it was warm enough in the bar, and I saw her adorable love handles as her hips wriggled furiously, line moving painfully slow for her. The mens line was only a couple people long so as went to go relieve myself, she tagged along with me. “I’m coming with you, I’m gonna fucking burst if I don’t pee in the next couple minutes.” We entered the mens room and two urinals beside each other became available simultaneously, almost like it was fate. I finally got to pee after hours and breathed a nice sigh of relief, but as I undid my belt, my wife came running up the the urinal next to me.

She could tell I was about to laugh so her face turned bright red, with a smile on her face. She frantically tried to undo her belt while potty dancing at the urinal, but she was so drunk that she kept fumbling with it. She couldn’t get it unbuckled, and in her bladders last seconds, out of frantic desperation (and probably drunken bad decision making), she unzipped her pants and tried to pee standing up. She tried to spread her fly open and align her pee hole through it, leaning back while doing so. But, this plan failed miserable. She quickly realized that she was peeing her pants and frantically tried to get her stream through her fly. She was saying “no no no no fuck fuck fuck fuck cmon cmon” etc, the whole time.

If I had to estimate, maybe 5% of her pee actually made it into the urinal. We left a few minutes later and started walking back. I noticed her body was very tensed up. I assumed it was from the cold, but little did I know, that alcohol was already filling her bladder up again. The walk home was more like 15-20 minutes since she was stumbling the whole time. Eventually, she grabbed her crotch and bent over, and I couldn’t help but laugh at her misfortune.

“SHUT UP!” She screamed while laughing along with me.

“You wanna just pee here?”

“No, I want to pee in an ACTUAL TOILET THIS TIME!”

She waddled along while I had to stop and laugh at her previous statement. She started picked up her pace and begged me to do so myself. When we finally reached the front door, the latchkey desperation kicked in for her. She bent over and yelled “HURRY HURRY HURRY HURRY!” I had to stop and laugh again while she kept herself bent over, embarrassed smile on her face the whole time. I finally unlocked the door, but it wasn’t in time. I she immediately ran to the toilet and I could see a pee stream running down her pants. She sat down on the toilet with her jeans still on and her body slumped over. Both of us were laughing, and I didn’t think about it at the time, but we were very lucky we didnt wake up the kids, or else that would’ve been a very awkward conversation. We stripped down and changed and went to bed.

We woke up super late, which meant our oldest son got to say “well well well, look who’s finally up!” In a dramatic turn of events, because it’s usually the other way around. Naturally we were hungover, more so her than me, so we basically did nothing but relax today. Plenty of water was due for both of us, which lead to her needing to pee very quickly, which meant I teased her again. We’re due for a lot of snow whwre I live so I’ll let you know if there’s any yellow snow, if you catch my drift.

