Convention Desperation

Author: Girlwhowaited

*000*2018-04-09 03:59

Hi guys! This weekend I was at a convention. This specific story comes from yesterday.

The show floor didn't open until 1 yesterday, so I slept in, and had a late breakfast of cereal and coffee. I do not remember using the bathroom before I left, which, retrospectively was probably my first mistake. The convention center is about 30 minutes away from where I live, and I left a little later than I planned, leaving just enough time to make it to the first panel I wanted to go to. On my way there, I realized I was thirsty and grabbed some tea from Starbucks, which I'd finished before I reached the convention center.

By the time I got there, I was definitely feeling a need to go, but by the time I'd gotten my ticket scanned and my hand stamped, I didn't really have time for a trip to the restroom. I was at about a 7 by that point and figured I'd be able to hold it the 45 minutes of the panel. Now, coffee and tea both go through me extremely fast. I'd begun that panel feeling moderately uncomfortable, and after the first fifteen minutes I was up to an 8.5 and the wastebnd of my jeans were digging into my extended bladder.

I wanted so badly to squirm, but I didn't want to draw attention to my plight. I seriously considered getting up and going to the bathroom, which is definitely something I could've done, but the panel was so intriguing that I didn't want to miss any of it. My partner was also with me and I didn't want to have to clue him in on my internal struggle. Another fifteen minutes later and I was at a 9.5. I felt a little dribble escape my urethra and I clamped my thighs together. I fidgeted with my hands nervously and jiggled my foot rapidly. I felt like my bladder was a water balloon. It was completely full and buldging into my jeans, fit to burst at any second. I wanted so badly to grab myself and hold the mass of steaming, yellow liquid inside of me. The last fifteen minutes of the panel were aweful. I know I should've just gotten up to pee earlier; I was so distracted by my intense desperation that I was hardly able to pay attention.

I didn't even know how I was going to be able to waddle to the restroom, which was at the end of these ridiculously long and twisting hallways, by the entrance to the building. I didn't even know at that point if I was going to be able to stand up without losing my bladder all over my jeans. Finally, though, the panel ended and my partner and I, whom I had finally let know how badly I needed the bathroom, were able start making our way back to the front of the building, and thankfully to the restrooms. Once there I rushed inside and right to the first stall, where I danced desperately while I tried to get my pants down. I barely maneuvered my ass over the toilet before I let go. I must've peed for a solid minute. It just seemed like it would never stop. When I stood back up, I realized that my stream was so strong that I'd splashed pee back up onto the toilet seat. Of course, unlike some sick assholes, I cleaned it up. The feeling of euphoria though lingered for a good few hours.

