Leaking in public on campus

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2022-01-10 10:45

An early college experience... super embarrassing at the time, but exciting now

I had an appointment in the student health center one day. Class ran long and I was a little late, so I went straight there. I didn't have time to use the bathroom before I went in, but I felt like I probably should have.

It took longer than I expected, and by the end I needed to pee pretty bad. I was subtly squirming in my seat for the last five minutes, but I knew the bathroom was nearby. I could just wait through the appointment and hurry there as soon as it was over. As she was wrapping up, the nurse told me to talk to the receptionist at the front desk on my way out. I was starting to get a little panicky. My bladder was very full by this point, I really had to go, but I tried to steel myself and walk calmly out of the room.

I quickly headed back to the waiting area. Several people sat in chairs around the room, some of them facing the reception desk. Behind it, three or four office staff were busy sorting files and talking with each other. I approached the receptionist, trying not to squirm. She verified some information, fingers clacking on her keyboard, and began to ask me about a few things. I struggled through my answers, shifting around and pressing my thighs together. I could barely think anymore. My legs were shaking, and my whole body shivered and tingled with the effort of holding on. It felt like my pee would come rushing out any second.

The receptionist glanced at me a few times as I did my best to appear normal. It was so hard to focus. My bladder begged for relief, and I couldn't keep still any longer. Blushing, I started to march in place a little bit, then back and forth in front of the desk. The receptionist was clearly pretending not to notice. I continued talking to her, panic creeping into my voice, basically doing a potty dance in front of the whole room. It was quiet, and I could see some of the other staff looking over.

There was a pause as she entered something into her computer, and in those few seconds of waiting, I just couldn't take it anymore. To my horror, pee started trickling into my panties. My thighs slammed together and I squeezed my muscles tight, doing everything I could to hang on, but a slow stream kept leaking out. I was having an accident. Heat rose in my face as the warm wet feeling spread.

I tried to avoid eye contact with the receptionist as I finally finished talking to her, peeing my panties as I spoke, my pussy tingling and throbbing as I tried desperately to hold it all back. She watched me turn to leave, her face a mix of pity and badly hidden amusement. I could feel several people staring as I basically ran down the hallway to the bathroom, still leaking in short bursts.

The second I was hidden in the bathroom, I grabbed myself as tight as I could and danced in place. Legs nearly crossed, I hurriedly shuffled into a stall and locked the door with one hand, the other firmly between my legs. I bounced and bobbed and jiggled as I tried frantically to unbutton my tight jeans. I was so close, just a little longer... the button finally gave way, and I started to tug my pants down, but that was it for my poor bladder.

A surge of relief went through me, and pee suddenly began hissing into my panties. My pants were still mostly up. In my panic I yanked them down to my knees, but only pulled my panties partway off. I was already rushing to sit down, and it all happened so fast. I sat and peed through them, flooding the fabric and nearly moaning as I emptied my bursting bladder. I was lost in the euphoria for a moment, rubbing my clit a little as I finished going.

Remembering the situation, I nervously checked how badly I'd wet myself. My panties were obviously completely soaked; the wet fabric clung to my skin. My jeans were a bit better. The fabric was dark, so the wetness wasn't too visible, but I'd definitely had an accident. A dark patch covered the crotch area, reaching maybe two inches down the insides of my thighs, but it didn't show much from the front.

I stayed there for a few minutes, embarrassed and unsure what to do, but eventually decided to dry my panties and jeans as much as I could and get out of there. I spent maybe five more minutes attempting to dry my clothes, then pulled my pants back up. My jacket was long enough to mostly cover my butt, and it wasn't too obvious I'd peed myself, but I still felt intensely self-conscious.

As I peeked out the door and tried to slink off unnoticed, I saw the receptionist look up at me. She definitely had to have known what happened, from how long I was in the bathroom and my clear embarrassment. I quickly turned the corner and darted out of sight. My face was still flushed, but I felt less conspicuous once I left the area. I stepped outside and tried to forget about it, despite the chill of the winter air between my legs as I walked away.

*004*2022-01-11 12:22

{{15 hours ago, DesperateToes said:

What happened at home? did your roommates notice?

}}

I was out long enough afterward for my jeans to mostly dry, so nobody noticed. Except the people that saw it happen lol

*007*2022-01-18 14:42

{{On 1/12/2022 at 2:48 PM, kalle2020 said:

I love that, apparently, you kept your peed-in panties on and just pulled your pants back up. How long did you stay in your wet panties before you could finally change out of them?

}}

I think it was maybe an hour or so, I changed once I got back home

