Desperate in a meeting

Author: Goldwood

*000*2023-10-15 22:58

I (M 20s) work a pretty chill office job with easily accessible bathrooms. This is convenient, although a bit disappointing for someone with this fetish. Last week however, there was a rare occasion where I got to both experience and witness some omo moments. A few of my coworkers were giving a big in-person presentation to one of our clients and the day before, we had a meeting for them to give a "dress rehearsal" of sorts while those not attending asked questions, gave feedback etc. Normally we have a google calendar that pings us 15 minutes before meetings as a reminder, but the alert for this particular meeting didn't get sent. A coworker came over and asked me and my coworker "Jade" (F 20s) to join him in the conference room. Not wanting to make a fuss, we headed straight there.

That day, I had a 16 oz coffee and had used the bathroom about an hour before the start of the meeting. I didn't particularly need to go when it started, but I had a hunch that urge would build as the meeting progressed. Although the meeting was informative, my need to pee grew and the omo bug started taking my attention further and further away from the main topic. In addition to my own need, I noticed two coworkers that also had to pee. One was Jade, which was understandable since our desks are close and I didn't remember seeing her use the bathroom anytime particularly close to the start of the meeting either. The other was "Amanda" (F 30s). Amanda typically pees a lot and I noticed that she was drinking a mug of tea in this meeting. After about 45 minutes had passed, Jade and I were subtly shifting in our chairs while Amanda had crossed legs and an empty mug. I'd say I was roughly at a 6/10 and I didn't see the presentation stopping anytime soon.

I was correct. After about 15 minutes, the presenters finished the first powerpoint and jumped into another one with roughly the same slide count. If there I had been a 5 minute break, I would've definitely left for the bathroom and I'm sure others would too. Unfortunately (but also lowkey fortunately 😉), there wasn't and the meeting kept going. The second powerpoint did thankfully go faster since some of the information was covered in the previous one, but it still left plenty of time for the pressure in my bladder to build up to about an 8/10. Jade and Amanda continued to look desperate as well, each crossing their legs and shifting in their seats. At long last the second powerpoint finished. There was some discussion afterwards, but thankfully it only took about fifteen minutes since it was getting close to lunch. I never thought I was at serious risk of an accident or anything, but could have definitely seen a few tiny leaks if it ran for much longer.

Finally, we were dismissed. Me, Jade, and Amanda went to the bathroom almost immediately which confirmed that the desperation for my coworkers was as real as it had seemed in my head. For me, that was one of the longest and most fulfilling pees I'd had in recent memory


