A rather wet trip

Author: Guest Aeron

*000*2021-08-28 22:51

Hello everyone, already I want to apologize in advance because I am French, bad at spelling, and who can I do not know too much in English.

I have been coming to this site for several years now and can read the wonderful experiences that everyone has. Being addicted to omorashi, it's just a worse happiness to be able to read such a story.

But through reading, and being the lucky boy who happens to see and experience omorashi situations on a regular basis, I told myself that now that I have made myself an account, this is the perfect opportunity to share, started with almost the most recent.

___

It was in July 2021, on the road to go to one of the many campsites in the south of France. Of course me who lives in the north of this country I could not resist the temptation of despair for the road to ... attention hanging on well .... 12 hours (plus 3 hours of traffic jam not planned) ...

So, it must be around 5 in the morning, by this time everyone was just awake after a short night's rest. Tended me on my side, like almost every night I do not really sleep, busy for some private reasons, but also out of desperation. I spent the night emptied my bottle and "involuntarily" released leaks in my pijama shorts. I reassure you I am meticulous, I empty my body and viciously so that once empty, my pajamas are dry and spotless so that no one notices any accident (although it happens to me when no one is away. the house to get me on it without any holdback). Short !

We are all awake ready to go, with a travel bag to occupy us (with games and portable consoles) and the rest of the unnecessary stuff in the trunk of the car.

Concretely, I had started drinking at the beginning of the road but without thinking of making myself despair. But after 4 hours of driving, everyone here doubts what sudden pressure I must have felt, to give figures I drank a whole bottle of water and a Monster (too good).

So at 3 p.m., it had just passed meaning 4, I started to feel a slight pressure on my bladder, at this point it started to fill for a few minutes, and I knew very well that it would soon welcome the rest of the liquids. which I had to drink before. It was then that I invented a stupid game to complicate my task, this game I did not apply all of them immediately because they were not filled enough.

5:30 am, my bladder is almost full to more than half, (yes my bladder takes a long time to fill at times to my great regret, but I am lucky to have difficulty restraining myself. it fills up quickly I am quite happy with the accidental humidity). In short, I am at a stage where I could apply my idea. That is to say every 10 minutes stopped pandant a few seconds all restrained, even if I leak or pee a lot in my pants.

I squeezed my legs lightly against each other, and itchy to test my mind, of course I didn't feel any moisture. So I put my idea aside and waited.

7 hour drive, the idea of my head going out I was holding back from moaning, my bladder was full, I squirm discreetly and can feel my crotch of men harden. I play on my Switch at little Nigthmare, I had just started the game. I barely managed to concentrate on my part, until the car took a bump. I don't know if it was the fact that I was tough helped me, but I felt a powerful leak leaving but very little time. I felt wet but my pants weren't wet. And that's where the idea came back to me earlier, so I started to stop holding back, and as soon as I started the valves that sound open, I started to pissing on me. Very quickly I saw a stain on my pants. So I did everything to hold back, it was hard but I stopped I flow, the task had to be at least the size of an apple.

I decided to keep holding back and not playing my game anymore, not wanting my parents to find out.

7 and a half hour drive, we find a motorway rest area, and I rush to the toilet, arrived at the toilet, I decide not to get out of it without I let go of all in my underwear. So I sit on the toilet, leaving my underpants, and I pissed myself on it for 2 minutes ... And being very excited I had a little fun on my own.

I go out after having blurred the liquid dripping from my underwear. And I get in the car to do the rest of the trip with sex still hard because I am in contact with the wet tissue.

The road is over and we arrive at the campsite, I had the chance to see wet shorts of a young girl of my age who also arrive, but who she did not have the chance to hold back.

