Gf first wetting ever

Author: Guest wetatnite

*000*2016-07-11 09:20

Hey everyone, so this happened yesterday!

I am seeing a girl, it's fairly casual since we live in different towns, and only get to see each other every two or three weeks. But it's fun!

She has a bladder like a horse and can hold for 7 hours (I kid you not). And she's a shy pee-er, so there's never been any accidents, ever. Sadly. And she can't go unless she's in a locked toilet. Anyone watching and she clams up.

So yesterday, she had to travel a few hours away to attend a weekend workshop for her work, and it just so happened that her journey took her literally past my house. She asked if I wanted to come along for the day, and naturally, I thought it would be good to get out of the house. So anyway, the journey wasn't all that important, a bit of chat, she's dressed herself in a tank top, unbuttoned white shirt over it, and a summer skirt, white and blue. She's got her hair tied loosely in two bunches at the side of her head, glasses on, and looks geeky and summery. Instant turn on for me!

The day goes by, and after her work thing, about 4pm, we go to a cafe, where she drinks some juice, uses the toilet (I'm always alert to when she goes and how long since), then we go crazy-golfing, where she's bending over and the wind is playing with her skirt, and my mind is going bonkers! So I whisper naughty things into her ear as we are playing, and her mood is definitely flirty....

After the golf, we go for a walk in the nearby park, and I pull her into a secluded spot and start running my hands over her, which she doesn't object to, but sort of furtively looks around to see if anyone can see us. They can't. Things go quite a bit further, and she loses her knickers (by accident, I swear! It had nothing to do with me taking them off. Honest).

Then people come, and we can't stay there, but the tension is built, and it can't be ignored. It went on this way for the rest of the afternoon, just "checking" to see if she's moist, every now and then.....(she no longer had her knickers on)

Finally, at 7pm, we head slowly home, sipping water in the car, me feeding her strawberries while she drives, and *maybe* teasing her a bit....until we decide to stop at 8.30pm for food at a pub we're passing. She asks for a pint of lemonade with the meal, and we watch most of the football (soccer) match on the TV. It's 10pm, she hasn't been since 4pm. I know she'll be full......She asks me where the toilets are. Bingo.

I say "Over there, but you're not going."

"What??!"

"Nope, not allowed." [smiles]

Her: [puffs out cheeks in a I-can't-believe-you're-doing-this way]

"You heard me." [grins]

"B-b-but?"

Her: [hesitates for a moment, trying to decide a) if I'm serious, b) if she's going to go along with my command, c) where the next toilet stop is, d) if she can make it there, e) how outraged she should feign]

Her: [decides that she'll figure something out on the way, and she can last another 30 mins at the most]

We drive back towards mine, and we get out of the car.

Me: "We're going for a short walk."

"Whhat?? What are you doing!? Where are we going?! I need to go!"

"I know. Just a short walk."

"Hmmfph."

So I take her to the local park, literally 200 yards away, which is surrounded in large mature leafy trees whose branches come almost to the ground. It's 10.15pm. I take her hand and lead her underneath a friendly tree.

"Here you go. Now you can squat."

"!!!!!"

"There are no other toilets nearby, you can't last, you might as well go here."

[Much consternation, as quietly as she could since we didn't want to give our location away, even though there was no one around]

"I'm waiting."

"No! I can't. I mean, what if? I'm busting! You! ....I can't do it if you're watching! I don't know if I can. Hmmmfph! I really need to go! Look away!"

[watches her talk her mind and emotions into what she's about to do]

"Off you go, squat."

[squats, lifts skirt out of the way]

"LOOK AWAY" she whispers loudly

[hears slight moan, and the delightful sound of a stream hitting the ground]

I don't know what took over my mind right there and then, but I instantly took a step nearer her, and put my hand underneath the back of her skirt where it was lifted up, and placed it directly where the the stream was coming from! I have never a) been in such close proximity to a woman peeing, and b) had nearly enough balls to interfere with the pee process! But here I was, with hot, wet liquid cascading around my fingers, as I felt her most intimate parts gently. UN-FUCKING-BELIEVABLE. My trousers were straining.

[she clammed up] "STOP IT. I CAN'T GO IF........"

"Yes you can."

"I......" [starts stream again]

[More intense pleasure of my hand, my cock trying to jump out of my trousers and shout to the world "HOLY FUCK I'M TOUCHING A PEEING WOMAN!!!"

She finally ran out of pee. Drips of rapidly-cooling fluid were stuck to her pussy hairs, making them soggy. I retrieved my hand which was soaked, and kissed her.

She properly didn't know what to think, feel, or say. She had just done something neither of us expected or really planned. I think I crashed her mind. She almost jumped on me! Her emotions must have been running riot. She told me she loved me. She attacked me with her tongue, almost ripped off my trousers, and told me that she wanted me, right there. And of course, I wanted her too! So.........

But that's the end of the wetting part ;-)

Today she's been texting me the most dirty messages ever. Hmmm....wonder why.

