I Wet My Jeans

Author: Guest

*000*2018-03-09 00:19

Hey, all. This'll be my first time posting on this forum, though I've been a lurker for a couple of years, and a fan of wetting for quite a few more...

I started filling/holding last night while doing various chores around the house. During the day, I had been keeping my water intake higher than usual - about 8 oz. every hour. When I got home, I changed it up a little bit: 12 oz. hard cider, followed by a large cup of green tea, with 8 oz. glasses of water in between. After the second hard cider, I really started feeling the need to pee. I was cooking something in the oven, which only had about 10 minutes left on it, so went ahead and drank a glass of water and another cup of tea. With only about 5 minutes left on the clock, I was feeling SUPER desperate - pacing back and forth in the kitchen and holding myself. I was so surprised I didn't leak! As soon as the timer went off, I took the food out, shut off the oven, and hobbled into the bathtub. Kind of wanted to take a video, but my bladder gave out before I could get to my phone for the initial deluge...

$$

I peed for maybe about a minute straight, doing a pretty decent amount of damage, as you can see.

$$

$$

Not too much happened in the back, at least not at first...

$$

$$

$$

Squatted down, pissed some more, got my butt nice and wet.

$$

Left pant leg completely saturated...

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

Right was feeling a bit left out... Why not even them up?

$$

I'm drenched!

$$

More wet feets LOL

$$

'

One last look before removal.

$$

Aftermath front...

$$

...and aftermath back,

$$'

WHEW! What fun! I think I'll just lay here with soaked jeans in my lap for a minute before getting cleaned up.

Hope you enjoyed...

