How you got into wetting

Author: ghosthollow22

*000*2018-05-09 21:47

This has probably been posed before...but I’m wondering how others first got into wetting.

As for me, I first discovered/experienced wetting when I was introduced to this fantastic new world by my next door neighbor. This is an extremely long account...so I apologize in advance!

When I was younger, my neighbor and I would often walk home from school together. One particular day, as we were walking home, I vividly remember how desperate she seemed to need to pee. Although left unspoken, the tell tale signs were obvious as she would try her hardest to keep her legs together and increase her walking speed.

As we approached her house, I figured she would sprint inside and head to the bathroom. But what happened next was beyond unbelievable and quite puzzling. Instead of going inside, I watched as she quickly walked to the side of her house and began to pee her jeans. I watched as her light blue jean slowly turned dark. And I watched the expression on her face as she was wetting. After a solid minute, I could tell she was done as the stream of pee slowly disappeared. And just like that, without saying a word, she walked past me and finally entered her house.

Needless to say, I was left standing outside in complete shock and confusion. I couldn’t comprehend what I just witnessed. Why would someone her age pee her pants when she could’ve easily made it inside to the bathroom? As I was walking to my home next door, I was trying to justify her actions. The only thing that made sense was her wetting has to be accidental. And because of that, I actually felt bad. She had to be embarrassed and I was embarrassed for her.

When I saw her the next day, I certainly did my best to not make the situation awkward. I talked with her as normal...as if nothing ever happened. And honestly, she gave me the impression nothing was wrong. As the day progressed, I felt better knowing she wasn’t embarrassed and figured this would all pass without incident. Overall, I guess I was worried she would try to avoid me for witnessing her unfortunate event.

A week went by and everything seemed fine. We continued to walk home together and I would even go to her house to hang out. One night, while in her bedroom, I noticed something that I will never forget. As I was sitting on her bed, I could see what appeared to be a wet pair of jeans crumpled up on the floor. At first, I didn’t think much of it, but it was an odd sight and (for some reason) I was curious. Not but two minutes later, she left her room...and that’s when my curiosity got the best of me! Not knowing when she would return, I quickly walked over to her jeans and picked them up off the floor. 

They were certainly damp, which was odd, but it also led me to another discovery. Under her jeans, were a pair of white cotton panties with light blue polka dot prints. As I looked closer, I could tell her panties were also wet. But even more strange, I could clearly see different shades of yellow lines (I now know the different yellow lines represented multiple wettings in which she would let her panties dry before re-wetting). Not wanting to get caught, I quickly put her jeans back in place and sat back down on her bed. Upon her return, I was dumbfounded but acted as if nothing was wrong. And a short time later, I again headed home in complete confusion.

That night, as I was trying to sleep, I couldn’t get everything I’ve witnessed and discovered out of my head. I heard of people still accidentally wetting their bed at that age. However, I didn’t think it was possible while they were awake. If anything, I guess I once again felt bed she had an issue with having daytime accidents. I could see the potential for embarrassment. Just then, I suddenly remembered something...the look on her face as she was wetting. It wasn’t a look of panic. It wasn’t a look of concern. It wasn’t a look of embarrassment. It was rather a look of relief, content and enjoyment. What the hell? Is it possible she wet herself on purpose? I still had my doubts but wanted to find out why she wet herself,seemingly now, on purpose.

The next day, as we were walking home, I finally brought up the wetting. I remember nervously asking her why she peed her pants (in front of me) the previous week. I will never forget her reaction and subsequent answer as she confidently told me she simply “felt like it”. That she “likes the feeling of wetting and just letting go”.

Oddly, our brief conversation was far from awkward. It was actually rather normal and comfortable. Looking back, I can only attribute this to her confidence. I was still a little nervous as I continued to ask her questions, and stayed away from discussing anything too intimate (like wetting her panties). Ultimately, she told me to “give it a try” and the conversation ended. As if it was no big deal.

Over the next few days, I constantly thought about our conversation as I replayed her wetting in my mind. Finally, late one night, I decided to succumb to my curiosity. Nervously, I went to my room and placed a towel on my floor. At first I was going to try wetting my jeans, but then I realized the evidence would be a little difficult to hide. Thinking I would create less of a mess, I took off my jeans and stood over the towel in my tight white briefs. I remember how difficult it was to initially pee. It wasn’t easy to wet my underwear on purpose. But mere seconds later (while shaking nervously) I was able to finally let go. I watched as the wetness grew on my underwear and dripped on the towel below. After a minute, I was finally done. To this day, I remember how amazing it felt! I took off my wet underwear, hid the evidence and continued to wet every night that week. I have less time these days...but I was certainly hooked! And will always appreciate my neighbor for the introduction.

*006*2018-05-14 22:06

{{On 5/10/2018 at 11:43 AM, Matias said:

My big wonder now is what happened to your neighbor after that. Any more good shares?

}}

Unfortunately, after those first few times, she never wet in front of me again. And it was something we never openly discussed. I continued wetting quite often and certainly wanted her to know it was something I enjoyed. I was too nervous to bring it back up through conversation, so I decided to show her instead. On one occasion, I had her over to my house, and tried the more subtle approach by leaving on obvious pair of wet underwear on my bedroom floor. There is no doubt she saw them, but it didn’t lead to discussion as I had hoped. The second (and less subtle) occasion, I wet my swimsuit before jumping into the pool when she came over to go swimming. Once again, it was completely obvious as she was watching the entire time. But this also didn’t lead to a conversation. I have a strong feeling it was something she still enjoyed, but I never knew for sure. Sadly, that was the last of it. Like me, I can only hope it’s something she continues to this day!

