Filling my tiny bladder

Author: Guest Samantha omo

*000*2019-08-07 17:28

I had an explosive start to my omo life that ended in my peeing all over my favourite dress.

1pm:I went to the toilet, changed into a cute dress and started drinking, I drunk a big cup of coffee and a can of diet coke in an hour and this is where the fun starts. I felt all of the liquid pour into my bladder, I was getting desperate fast.

2pm:I'm at maybe a 6/10 I was crossing my legs and dancing around every now and then at this point I logged on to discord to chat with some people.

2.30pm:I was getting really desperate, I was at 8/10 and I was squirming about when a discord friend Gavin suggested I let it leak out for a second or two and then do everything in my power to stop it. I let go and relief swept over me... for two seconds where I whimpered, physically held my pee hole, crossed my legs all while shaking like a leaf while my bladder screamed, I leaked a bit more before my bladder calmed down.

2.40pm:I had stopped leaking as much and my bladder had calmed down a fair bit when another one of my friends Awoo told me to press on my bladder for 5 seconds. Usually pressing on my bladder just feels uncomfortable, sometimes painful but not this time, the second I touched my bladder I felt the shock travel across my bladder and when I pressed it was like the pee went out the bladder and to my pee hole, that I was holding for dear life until it just passed through my fingers. I have honestly never experienced something like this in my life.

2.50pm:Gavin instructed me to stand up for 10 minutes, now at the moment I was at a solid 9/10, my legs were pretzeled, one hand was holding for dear life on my crotch all while shaking like a leaf, I didn't think I could hold it for another minute and he wanted me to stand up like a solider. He cheered me on and said that I could do it, so I stood, legs crossed and both hands holding for dear life when I wasn't typing. I couldn't last much longer.

2.55pm:Gavin took pity on my nearly detonating bladder and allowed me to sit, Awoo took this opportunity to make me press my bladder for a further 10 seconds.... I leaked... lots. I now had a tennis ball sized wet patch and a bladder that was now sending SOS signals to my brain.

3pm:Gavin continued to torture my bladder by telling me to drink another can of diet coke, which felt like it went directly to my bladder, and then instructed me to do 15 jumping jacks. The jumping jacks killed my bladder, every jump ended in a small leak until the last 5 where the pee was constantly dribbling out of me. I think it goes without saying that I was beyond desperate.

3.10pm:Gavin was really evil and said he was going to the toilet, just the mention of the word toilet made my bladder spasm forcing more pee out. I think Awoo took advantage of my new desperate state and told me to press on my bladder for 15 seconds.

He probably could've told me to just touch my bladder and the outcome would be the same. My bladder just gave up, it started to dribble, then it was a small stream, then a tsunami, the relief felt amazing.

Quick thanks to Gavin and Awoo for cheering me on, this was a great welcome into the omo community.

Constructive criticism welcome, this is my first story so keep that in mind.

