Snow Fun

Author: Guest savcatz

*000*2021-02-23 01:35

Where I live has been getting a bunch of snow lately, so me and my friends have been taking full advantage of it and have gone sledding quite a few times. On Friday night we decided to go taboozing, so we all pre-gamed at my friends house and then headed to our usual hill. I knew I was gonna have to pee while we were there, but I thought I could hold it or at least go off to a bush if it was that bad. After 20 minutes I already had to go really badly, and I was having a hard time focusing on anything else. Foolishly, I kept drinking, thinking if I were drunk enough I wouldn’t feel my bladder. I downed another beer, and got ready to head down the hill again. As I sat down, I felt myself begin to leak, but I didn’t have time to react. My friend pushed me down the hill and I screamed partially in horror from the hill and the ecstasy I was experiencing as my bladder emptied itself all over me and my sled. 

I was so shocked by what happened. I was wearing black pants so nobody could tell, and we were all soaked from playing in the snow. It was the absolute perfect setting. For the rest of the night, any time I had to pee I just let myself go. It was so exciting peeing myself in front of my friends and they had no idea. Around 1am I got a cab to go home, since I couldn’t drive. I was trying my best not to fidget in the back of the cab, but I had to pee so badly and my bladder was so weak from all of the fun I had sledding. Ten minutes from my house and I felt myself starting to leak. I was so exhausted I couldn’t even try to stop it and let myself soak the backseat of the cab. I felt so bad, I’ve never done anything like that before, but I felt so aroused by the whole thing. The driver didn’t say anything, so I’m not sure if he knew. I did leave him a really good tip. When I got home I peeled off my wet layers, leaving my panties on, and climbed into bed.

