Library Wetting

Author: Guest 53245236347345

*000*2014-12-01 22:53

Today I didn't have any obligations, so I decided to take some time for myself and catch up on some library books I had checked out but not gotten around to reading yet. I had seven volumes of manga to read, and I found myself frequently thirsty while reading. I filled up my 32oz cup full of ice water, drained it, and then went out to fill it up again. I had yet to urinate all day, and had already had some coffee and water earlier this morning.

I hadn't started to feel the need to go until I was halfway through my second cup of water, on the last two volumes of the manga I was reading. I was feeling my stomach and bladder muscles starting to tighten up, shifting where I was lying in bed as I excitedly drank the water down more quickly, crossing my legs as I turned the pages with one hand and held my cup with the other. I finished the last volume and my drink at about the same time, and I realized that I should take advantage of the rest of my day off and go to the library again to return these books as well as get new books.

Getting out of bed was a difficult experience, I was full up and while my pajamas were forgiving, the clothes in my closet were less so. I had to reach for jeans, since my other clothes were in the wash, and tugging them on and buttoning them pressed down harder than I expected they would on my bladder. All my jeans are tight, skinny jeans due to it being my preferred style, and usually it's not an issue...but holds definitely change things. For my top half, I pulled a sweatshirt on top of me and got my bag ready to go to the library.

It's not very far from my house, but the weather was too cold for me to want to walk. Buckling myself into the driver's seat of my car added another pressure to the top of my bladder, and I whimpered slightly and ground myself into the seat of my car, doing little to stifle the urge and only encouraging it. I could feel that my panties were already damp against me (although not yet from urine), and it only encouraged me to grind myself harder into the car seat. I could feel myself pounding in my lower regions, tight with arousal as well as the need to release.

Once I got to the library (5 minutes later), I had to pause in my car and jam my hands into my crotch, slumping into the steering wheel and moaning. I was half wishing that I had gone to the bathroom before I left, but the fact that my panties were even damper than I had originally felt ensured me I had made the right choice. I tensed up my muscles, feeling the threat of my urine about to burst, but I knew that it wasn't yet time. I was desperate for certain at this point, the water having hit me hard, but I picked up my books and walked into the library.

I first dropped my books off at the counter, and then wandered into the manga section to see if I was missing out on anything else. I clenched my legs together while standing, struggling to focus on the titles in front of me, and was so tempted to let a little out – just a little – into my panties to lessen the urge to go. I frowned and bit my lip though, opting to grab myself instead. I was the only one in the section, and I found myself more thankful for the pressure against myself than the potential release.

I had to let go though, reaching to get a book off the shelf. As I did, my heart stopped as I felt a tiny, tiny spurt let out into my panties. Terrified, I looked down to see if it had soaked through my jeans, only to notice that my sweatshirt covered my crotch in the first place. My heart skipped again to a different note, realizing I could let out even more and it wouldn't be of any notice. Looking around to make sure no one was around still, I placed my hand back in between my legs and let myself push out another small spurt. I felt it go through my jeans without a doubt this time, hot and wet on my hand, and had to try so hard to stifle a moan as my hand involuntarily rubbed against my front.

Realizing it would be too easy for me to get too carried away, I looked around again, then back at the book in my hand. I realized that it was perfectly within my range to sit down and read, and that the chairs in the young adult section of the library were not only hidden in the back under tables, but also thickly padded and absorbent. Picking up a second book from the shelves, I tentatively moved to a table to sit down.

I placed my purse in my lap as a secondary cover, but that was more for my hands than anything else. I kept one on the top of the table to turn my pages, but the other I immediately jammed in between my legs, leaking as soon as I jammed my hand in between my damp jeans again. It was hot instead of the "just warm" my piss spot had cooled to, and it felt incredible. I had already rolled up my sweatshirt so my piss wouldn't soak it, and I tried to look normal as I focused on the book before me, although I was more focused on trying to keep my face straight as I rubbed myself through my jeans, trembling as I tried to hold off on peeing any more.

I couldn't hold off long, though, and a jet quickly burst through my hands, quietly hissing as it spread out through the crotch of my jeans. Gasping, I realized there was more than I had thought, and the heat quickly spread under my thighs and rear. The release was incredible, and I slumped forward on the chair, pressing my hand into myself and feeling it get soaked, rubbing harder under my purse until I felt myself clench in another way, the jet spurting out even harder as I orgasmed in the library chair. I realized the whole seat was getting wet, and I scooted to the edge of it as my bladder finished emptying itself, having to push hard to get the last of it out. I heard it dripping onto the floor beneath me, but I was too far gone in ecstasy to care.

I finished, breathing heavily, but didn't want to get up yet. The feeling of the hot, heavy wetness in my clothes and on the chair was too wonderful to pass up, and I squirmed in it as I returned my attention to the book, reading with both hands and smearing the wet residue from the hand I had been using to pleasure myself on the pages of the manga, slowly drying it off, page by page. I finished one volume, then the second I had brought over before getting up.

Carefully checking no one was around, I leapt from the chair, yanking my sweatshirt over my bottom again. The chair was absolutely drenched, a large, soaking wet spot on it, with a tiny puddle underneath it as well. I pushed it into the table and returned the books to the shelf, picking a few more off from the same series to take home with me. From there I went up to the register, already feeling the second wave of needing to go push through me again. I knew no one could see how wet my pants were, thanks to my method, and I checked out as normal.

At the checkout, handing over my card, I couldn't help but push out just a little more. Looking at the checker and smiling, I let a tiny dribble into my pants, and then another once I had picked up my books and was leaving again, and then I let it all loose on the short walk to my car, sighing into the cold, crisp air as I felt my pants heat up all over again. I was tempted to masturbate a second time in the car, but I waited until I got home, where I hastily dumped off my books, raced to my bedroom, and stripped my wet jeans off to only leave my panties on as I rode my vibrator to a second orgasm, wetting all over the place at my usual spot on the bathroom floor as I came once again.

As of now, I am home and the laundry is running...and I have some new books to read that I am sure will need to be replaced at the library again soon!

