Inappropriate Peehavior

Author: Guest Flyboy

*000*2019-12-19 04:21

I tried to keep the title of this thread lighthearted, but I do want to discuss something more serious. Have you ever indulged in your kink in a way that in hindsight probably (definitely) wasn't appropriate? I have, and it's pretty embarrassing. But first some backstory:

I was a swimmer in high school. We practiced 6 days a week for 2 hours per practice. Being in the water, and staying hydrated as one should while engaging in sport, inevitably leads to needing to pee. Now, we were a pretty close group of friends, and some weren't shy at all about their bathroom habits. Look, it's no secret, swimmers often pee in the pool during practice. It's just part of the territory. Not all swimmers mind you, but many. Believe it or not, I was one of those who did not. Anyway, there was one guy on the team who would always announce when he was peeing. It wasn't a huge deal, most people just laughed it off. Because of his antics though, the conversation would come up, and one girl in particular claimed she was equally guilty, but refrained from announcing it every time. Now this got my attention. What's more, she went on to say that most female swimmers make a habit of peeing in the pool during practice, but won't admit it.

This conversation happened between a group of maybe four of us, where she was the only girl, so I couldn't really substantiate her claim. On a separate occasion, I was talking to another girl from a different school, and she actually brought the topic up. She mentioned how during the big district/regional/statecompetitions, that she and many of the others on her team (males and females both) would sit in the gutter between events during the meet to pee, rather than going through the hassle of going into the bathroom to remove their bathing suit. This seemed plausible to me, especially for the girls, because they wore special suits for the big meets that were a lot tighter and covered a lot more of the body. That is, it wouldn't be just as simple as pulling the crotch of the suit aside to pee. It was these conversations that inspired me, unfortunately in a negative way.

During the off season between winter and summer swimming, I tried to keep somewhat in shape by swimming laps on my own. It was rather boring swimming without my friends, so to keep things interesting, I would often pee in the pool. I really didn't have any "legitimate" reason to - it's not like I would be missing out on a big practice set with my teammates. Besides, the bathroom was very conveniently located at this particular pool, and I'm a dude, so I really had no good excuse to do it, other than for the fun of it. So I did this a few times, growing more and more comfortable with each experience. One day though, after a long release (it was actually my first pee of the day), I suddenly realized there was a HUGE YELLOW CLOUD all around me in my lane, and the middle aged man in the lane next to me was swimming in my direction, maybe 7 yards away, and there's little chance he didn't see it. I felt awful, and I never did that again.

After reflection, I think when you're at swim practice with other swimmers, and it's known (or at least suspected) that others might be peeing in the pool because they're well hydrated and in the middle of a long set, it's not a big deal. But what I did, just swimming recreationally among strangers who most likely do not expect to be swimming in pee, was wrong. It was inappropriate of me to do that, and I'm still embarrassed by it to this day.

