A Fantastic Field Trip

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-06-29 19:21

OK, so this story took place when I was in 10th grade. My social studies class went on a museum field trip, and the bus ride there was about 3 hours long. We were going to leave at 7 am, get there by 10, then head home around 2. Basically, the whole trip was about 10 hours, and we weren't going to stop for restroom breaks on the bus. As you can imagine, this caused quite a few issues and posed some... interesting situations.

Well, as luck would have it, I slept in late by accident and didn't have time to take my morning pee. I managed to drive to school and get on the bus just in time, and before long, we headed out. To give you some background information, I was sitting next to my crush at the time, a girl named Lenesse. She and I had had some playful banter in the past, but never actually initiated anything. She was a slightly curvy, light-skinned black girl that always seemed to know how to rile me up. Anyway, Lenesse had saved me the window seat and we got talking almost immediately, chatting about one of our favorite TV shows.

8:00: I was starting to get antsy. I was rocking slightly in my seat and fidgeting with the rubber band on my wrist (a nervous tick I've had for years.) Of course, Lenesse noticed this and asked me if everything was ok. I nodded and told her I was fine. She didn't seem convinced, but she left me alone.

8:30: Things were getting a little more urgent, but luckily our conversation seemed to help distract me. I was crossing my legs tightly and occasionally biting my lip, trying not to hold myself. Again, Lenesse noticed, but I guess she didn't want to annoy me, so she left it be.

9:30: There was no doubt in my mind now: I was becoming desperate. I squirmed and whimpered every time the bus went over a bump, and my bladder was visibly protruding out of my body. While I was looking out the window, I saw Lenesse's reflection staring at me. Her eyes were fixed on my bulge and her mouth was hanging slightly open. I blushed and squeezed my legs together harder. There was no way in a million years I was going to pee myself in front of my crush.

10:00: We FINALLY arrived at the museum. Instantly, my heart lifted, and I could almost feel the pressure lift a little from my bladder. Everyone started filing off of the bus, but I trailed behind, determined to let as few people see my shaking figure as possible. Our tour guide led us to the restrooms (there were many other people in my state) and a line quickly formed.

I was about to join the rest of the desperate, trembling girls when a hand grabbed my wrist. I turned to see Lenesse staring at my bladder and my quivering legs, completely mesmerized.

"H-hey..." I said. "I r-really need to pee. Let go, I'll find you when I come out, ok?" She shook her head, gazing at me

"Hold it, Stella. Hold it and hold it until you burst or go crazy or beg me to let you go. I've always dreamed of this and now, now you're here, full bladder and all, standing right in front of me. Please do it, I'm begging you. I... I love it..."

Those were her exact words. I don't think I'll ever be able to forget them.

I just gaped at her, shocked. Now, I'm not going to lie and say I wasn't insanely turned on by the idea, but I really needed to go. I could feel the pressure building again, throbbing inside my stomach. Or was it something else throbbing? I didn't know, but I was just about to tell her this when she leaned in and did something that took me completely off guard.

She kissed me. Hard.

Suddenly, a switch was flipped. It took only seconds before we were both melting into each other, her hand slipping down to my bladder, feeling it's hard, smooth skin. I moaned into her lips and she smiled, giving the bulge a shove.

"Does it feel good? Do you like it when I do this?" I nodded and she kissed me harder, pushing the ball of pee further and further into my body. This was the Lenesse I knew: ferocious and witty and intense. I was going crazy, writhing and gasping against her, but she didn't let up. It felt like hours had passed until she pulled away, gazing at me with a smirk. "So? Will you do it?"

I nodded, shaking. She fingered the button on my shorts and smiled.

"Good."

And you know what? I wasn't even the least bit worried.

(End of Part 1)

*003*2019-06-30 21:13

{{4 minutes ago, Koryo said:

When’ll part 2 be up?

}}

Probably within the next couple days. I can't make any promises though.

*004*2019-07-02 20:14

Part 2: (WARNING: THIS CHAPTER IS VERY SEXUAL! If that makes you uncomfortable, please don't read it.)

10:10: Lenesse led me back into the crowd of students, and we found a spot in the very back of the group. She smiled and slipped her hand into mine, watching as I squirmed. "That's it, baby girl," she cooed, and I laughed.

"H-how do you know what to do with me so well?" I asked.

"I'm a studier," she replied. "My favourite subject is you. I always noticed how you got angry when people called you a little girl, but always seemed more flustered than actually mad."

I blushed. This was true, of course.

We were all split into groups of 15 with a chaperone to check in with every 30 minutes. Free range? Check. Places we could go that were secluded? Check. Museum almost empty of people other than our school? Check. It was like for the first time in ages, the universe was on our side.

We said hi to our chaperone (someone's dad who really had no idea what he was doing) and quickly spilt off from the group. I stopped every once and a while to bend over a little, crossing my legs to keep pee from dribbling out.

Gotta hold it, I thought. Gotta... Ohhhhh, please don't lose it now. I was perfectly aware of Lenesse watching me, clearly enjoying the show.

I couldn't help myself: The sight of her so turned on made me aroused as well. So I decided to let her have it, let her see all the aspects of my desperation. I led her hand to my crotch and had her hold me while we were "watching" and educational movie. I begged her to let me pee while grabbing myself tightly. I even whimpered and squirmed as I sat in her lap, grinding into her trying to hold it all in. She enjoyed every second of it, denying me bathroom access, rubbing my pee hole slightly, stroking my bladder as I grinded and whispering "good girl" in my ear.

"You're so fucking hot like this." She told me once, and that got her an extra moan and shudder in response.

11:00: All of my played up acting at this point was no longer such. I was desperate beyond belief, horny beyond belief, and wanted nothing more than to enjoy this forever.

"Lenesse..." I groaned at one point. "I dont think I can... It feels so... Ahhh..." A leak squirted out into my panties and I trembled to keep the rest of the ocean at bay. Lenesse glared at me and looked around, tugging me towards a dark, closed exhibit.

"Sit," she commanded, and I squirmed and writhed on the cold metal of the bench.

"P-please, please don't! I can't, I can't, it's coming out!!!!" I squirted some more, whimpering, grabbing myself with all my might and staring at my crossed legs, heat burning my face.

Lenesse stood over me, leading my legs apart. "Shhhh..." She cooed. "Hold it in like a big girl. I'm sorry I got mad. Do what I told you too, ok?"

"No... No no no, please..." I squirmed and shook my head and begged as she unbuttoned my shorts, slipping them down until she could see the wet patch on the front of my panties. "Somone's been a naughty girl..." She smirked, eyes sparkling. "You know what bad girls get?"

I gasped as she slipped a hand down my panties, rubbing my quivering lips passionately.

"Naughty Stella needs to be corrected. Do you want to let go, wittle girlie? Do you want to let all that hot pee pee drip down your leg?"

She whispered, kissing and nibbling on my ear. I bit my lip to keep from moaning, trying to still remain composed like a big girl. She rubbed faster, massaging my G-spot, and I cried out, trembling and begging her to stop. She knew I was just doing it for show, though. She smiled and told me that she wouldn't stop until I cummed all over myself. I pleaded and told her if she didn't stop, I would pee, and that would be the end. This made her pause for a second and stare at me, at my desperate eyes and shaking figure. She sighed and got off me, yanking my shorts back up from my ankles and buttoning them tight against my bulge.

"Keep holding," she smirked, "or I'll really give you something to scream about."

God, this girl was going to make me crazy.

(End of Part 2)

*007*2019-07-27 14:34

Part 3: (WARNING AGAIN: SEXUAL CONTENT.)

11:15: Lenesse guided me up from the bench and slipped her hand into mine. I tried to tug it away, but she stopped me.

"Big girls don't hold themselves, Stella. Do you want to be a big girlie?"

I nodded, scissoring my legs together and wishing I hadn't told her to quite touching me. Not going to lie, I was close to just asking her for sex right then and there.

But I didn't. I wanted to enjoy every bit of this.

Nevertheless, I did moan quietly and continue dancing.

"That's it, baby," Lenesse smiled. "Keep squirming. No more holding, ok? You're a big girl, and you have to hold in your pee pees all by yourself." I nodded again and squeezed her hand, legs trembling with the effort to hold back my flood.

"Yes, Mamá..." I whispered, using the Spanish name for mother. Lenesse groaned at the use of her second language, her hand twitching in mine.

"Jesus, can't you just be sexy in one language?" She asked, eyes searching my face with aroused wonder.

"N-No," I replied, gently rubbing a finger along the waste band of her shorts. "Me gusta volverte loco."

(I may have learned some Spanish to impress her at some point.)

She sucked in a breath and hummed gently. "Me gusta demasiado, bebé. Por favor, no te dentengas."

I promised her I wouldn't, then kissed her again with a hand down her shorts.

Have you ever kissed someone with a full bladder before? It is one of the most amazing feelings ever.

After a brief make out session, we decided to adventure out into the real world once again. When we walked out of the dark exhibit, I squinted at the bright lights. It was bizarre for the world to still be spinning even when mine was living in Lenesse’s lips and my overfilled bladder. I whimpered and crossed my legs tightly, squeezing my eyes shut to concentrate on holding it all in.

“What's wrong, honey?” Lenesse asked, referring to my scrunched up face. “Does baby want to make a potty?”

I nodded furiously, rubbing my legs together. “Mamá, please… It's coming out, ahh…!” A few drops dribbled into my panties, and out of instinct my hand flew to my crotch. “Mamá!!!!" I begged, pressing into my pee hole. The drops grew into a spurt, then a stream, wet lines running down my legs.

Instead of heading back to the exhibit, Lenesse led me to a new bench as I continued to whine and leak through my clothes. She pulled me into her lap and pressed into my crotch firmly, stopping the flow of pee.

“Naughty girl, Stella! Did that feel good? I bet it did, the way you're all hot and needy like this.” She smirked, using her other hand to play with me through my damp clothes. I squirmed and cried out, trying to escape her grip. I probably should have been more self-conscious, sitting here for anyone to see, but I was to desperate to care at this point. Those leaks had done next to nothing for my bladder.

“Keep squirming, baby. I know it felt good, you don’t have to answer me. You want to release all that pee pee so bad, don’t you? I bet the warmth was agonizing.” Her finger shifted ever so slightly and some new pee squirted out. I moaned and bit my lip, trying to focus on the world around me, anchor myself in reality. But then Lenesse started kissing my neck and at that point? All was lost for me.

“There you go…” She cooed. “Does baby need a little cup to fill with her pee pee? There sure is a lot of it, and I bet there's more coming…”

Suddenly, she grabbed my stomach and squeezed with all her might. I yelped as hot intensity took over my limbs, her finger still plastered against the exit. “Stop it, ohhhhh!!” I gasped, and she yanked me to my feet, tugging me back into the exhibit.

In only seconds, Lenesse had pinned me to a wall and ran her hands along my body, pressing into my bulge until I begged her to stop. But of course, she didn't, and I didn't really mean it. She just kept kissing, pushing my bladder back into my body. I cried out in pleasure and pain, arching my back, trying to get as close to her as possible. All my hours upon hours of waiting for this moment had paid off as she leaned into me even more, babbling a stream of rapid-fire Spanish.

"Get. On. The. Floor." She hissed. I complied, tugging her down until she was on top of me. I writhed below her, touching her body, feeling every inch if her burning skin. Finally, she reached down and pulled my shorts off, exposing my trembling parts to the open air.

"Good girl," she hummed. "Holding it in all this time..." She rubbed my G-spot and watched as I spasmed and gasped below her, seconds from losing it.

And then my muscles gave out.

A trickle came out, then a stream, then I was gushing out onto the floor. Lenesse sat back, staring at me with wide eyes as I emptied my hot, overflowing bladder. My body fell limp, my head resting back, and I let the relief take over. The feeling alone was orgasmic, and wave after wave of pleasure washed through me. Finally, finally, I could relax.

11:35: I laid there, chest heaving, as the puddle grew and my stream continued to splash against the floor. Pee coated my legs and Lenesse's as well, but she couldn't care less. Her eyes were locked on me, one hand massaging her crotch as I moaned in front of her. We both came at almost the same time, chest heaving and noises mixing into some strange chorus. It was incredible. It was magical. It was just… I mean... amazing.

It took almost 2 minutes of power peeing before I was done. My body lay limp on the floor, exhausted and relieved beyond my wildest fantasies. Lenesse simply stared at me, mouth hanging open, her shorts now stained as well. Quietly, she whispered something, and I tilted my head quizzically.

“Do you want to go out with me sometime?” She asked, gaze latched onto mine.

I laughed. “Si. Eso sería agradable.” A smile stretched across her face and she kissed me again, arms wrapped around my body, completely oblivious to the puddle of pee I was laying in.

Fortunately, the teachers didn't really think of posting someone by the door, so we were able to slip out to the store across the street. Lenesse had brought some cash for the gift shop and let me buy a change of clothes. The cashier gave me a curious look, but didn’t say anything when I came in with soaked shorts. After I changed, we had the rest if the time to wander around the museum, kiss, and whisper playfully to each other. My body was too exhausted for any thing else, so we left that for another day.

And when we heard confused shouts from the abandoned, dark exhibit, we simply smiled and continued on our way.

It was, really, one of my favorite field trips to date.

Note: If any of you are wondering, yes, Lenesse and I are still together. There may be some more stories in the possible future.

(End of Story)

