Estate Sale Emergency

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2020-02-06 01:35

My wife and I often take trips on the weekends up to the cities to hunt for antique stores, thrift stores, and estate sales. We're secretly an old married couple in 26 year old's bodies.

If you don't know what an estate sale is, basically, when the owner of a house dies their family have a large sale where people come into the house to look at and purchase all of the previous owners personal belongings in the house. Ideally you want to be respectful to the house, they usually make you take your shoes off.

This particular Saturday afternoon my wife had been farting in the car for almost the entire drive over. To me, their rancid smell was turning me on immensely, and she was rubbing on my erection with one hand while she was driving. I asked her why she was farting so much and she really didn't know, but her stomach was hurting a little.

We found a promising looking estate sale in the suburbs that was in this quaint little two bedroom house. Indeed, we ended up spending way to much money lmao, but the best part of the day happened when we checked out the second floor.

My wife kept shifting her weight from side to side and was sort of scanning the upstairs hallway to see what rooms were up there. Very quietly she learned over to me and said "Do you see a bathroom up here? I really need to use one."

I am truly weak willed, and just as quietly told her that she was giving me a very noticeable boner. With a very flustered look she told me now is not the time to be a horn dog.

She continued, "You don't understand, I'm having a serious diarrhea emergency, it's so bad. I can't hold it until we get home, I need to poop right now."

I wish I could have savored the look of her pure diarrhea agony. Her face was was just slightly red, and in addition to fidgeting and shifting her weight she was nervously rubbing her thigh.

She very carefully but briskly walked over to the only closed door on the upstairs. When she pulled on it, it was locked. It was no doubt the bathroom and the owners probably locked it to keep customers from stealing.

My wife groaned in agony and kept shifting her weight even more noticeably. "Are you fucking kidding me? I have to POOP!" Her face was very red now and was pleading with me to do something.

I told her I would go talk to the family running the sale, who were downstairs operating the cash register. It was a kindly old lady who chatting with everyone like she knew for years (and I'm sure she did). Thankfully all the traffic was downstairs as most of the things for sale were set up in the living room and garage, nobody seemed interested in the second floor. I'm sure the last thing my wife wanted would have been trying to act normal in front of these ancient customers while she tried her hardest not to shit her leggings.

I truly felt bad because I just sort of stood there for five minutes waiting for the customer in front of my to finish his sale. Ironically, I noticed a hand written "Ask Cashier for Bathroom Key." I'm also sure nobody was using the bathroom because of the inconvenience of it. Right as the dude in front of me walked away I felt my phone buzz, knowing full well it was my wife texting me. I anxiously wanted to read it but had to ask for the bathroom key first.

I politely, if not awkwardly, explained to the nice lady that my wife needed to use the bathroom but was too embarrassed to ask for the key. Though she made me leave the things I was holding in my hands so I couldn't steal them, she gave me the key all the same.

As I started walking back up the stairs I quickly checked my phone. She had texted me, "I know you're taking long on purpose! Please hurry up and do something now or my poop is gonna come out!"

Approaching the bathroom my wife was now hunched over clutching her stomach and very firmly pressing her butt against the door. Her eyes lit up seeing me holding a key. "Oh my god, open this door right now or I'm messing in this hallway."

"Okay, but I'm coming in with you." I said firmly. She tried to protest, "No! It's diarrhea! Please don't watch this time!" I started to walk the other way slyly saying "Okay, I'll tell the lady you went and give her the key back"

I could tell she was frustrated, flustered, and extremely desperate. "GOD! Fine, get the fuck in her then!!" I opened the bathroom and locked it behind us once we were both in. It was small, and a little cramped, but I didn't care. I couldn't help but look at my wife's giant ass as she pulled her leggings down. The rim clanked really down when she quickly plopped down on the toilet.

I got down on my knees and started rubbing and squeezing her squishy thighs as she started. The splatters and splashes of her diarrhea echoed in the bathroom and I'm sure anyone that would have been standing in the hallway could have heard her pooping.

I was extremely erect now and the smell of her diarrhea was rank as fuck. I took a nice, big, inhale and rubbed my boner a little. After three minutes of pure ecstasy watching my wife have emergency diarrhea she was finally done. I rubbed my boner through my pants more as I watched her wipe her butt, and she even let me take a quick peek at all her shit in the bowl after she stood up before flushing.

I crossed my fingers that nobody would nobody would see us both coming out of the bathroom together. Thankfully it was still empty. My wife's rancid poop smell immediately flooded into the hallway as I was locking the door back up.

'Oh my god, I feel so much better now! That was one of the most desperate poop emergencies I've ever had. If you would have been, like, 40 seconds slower I honestly wouldn't have been able to hold it anymore."

The rest of the day went great, and we some awesome antiques, but all day I just kept reminding my wife of how turned on I was and loud and stinky her poop was, hehehe.

