Waiting for my Roommate

Author: gkj1

*000*2024-02-16 09:23

This just happened to me and I thought I'd share.

My roommate and I play D&D together and just got back from another session, which had run for 3 hours, longer than usual. Prior to that, I'd made sure to hydrate well. Additionally, I DM, so I talk the most out of anyone in the group, and was drinking water constantly to keep my vocal cords alive.

When we got back to the dorm after the game, I knew I sort of had to pee but was putting it off. I made myself a cup of chamomile tea to wind down after the game and sipped on it lazily while I answered my roommate's questions about things that had happened during the night's session.

It was only after my roommate went to shower that I realized I actually had to pee.

It started as a mild feeling of irritation, like I couldn't lie down without feeling an annoying pressure between my legs. The sound of the running shower water, muffled only by a thin wall, didn't help matters though. Fifteen minutes in and I'd gone from lying uncomfortably to squeezing my legs open and shut. Another five and I was gently massaging my crotch.

I heard the shower stop and my roommate step out to do the rest of his nightly ritual, brushing his teeth, putting on night contacts, etc. At this point I could definitely have asked him to pop in and pee, and my bladder was definitely full enough to justify it, but I just... couldn't. I've never considered myself pee-shy but asking someone to interrupt their routine so I could relieve myself felt especially embarrassing.

So, I convinced myself I could do it, and resolved myself to holding it until the end of his routine.

Another ten minutes later and I was standing up, bobbing up and down gently as one hand perpetually massaged my uncomfortably pulsating crotch. My bladder felt like a solid mass between my legs, and I was starting to think I was in real danger of leaking.

Occasionally I'd contemplate caving in and asking my roommate to open the door, but every time, I'd hear the faucet turn on inside. Besides the aggravation this brought to my bladder, it also gave me the thought of "finally, this is the last one - he'll wrap up whatever he's doing and clear out the bathroom."

After about three "last ones" I was at my wit's end, grinding my crotch into my bedside and bouncing up and down. I hadn't leaked, but I usually never do, so I knew it was possible I went from completely dry to completely pissing myself immediately.

Luckily, mercifully, my roommate picked this moment to step out. As soon as I heard the door lock click unlocked, I stood up and hid all traces of my desperation, and kind of waddle-scooted into the bathroom behind him, where I pulled down my pajama pants and peed for what felt like an eternity, finally getting to release all that water and the bladder-aggravating tea.

