I wet the bed last night! Not even on purpose!

Author: Guest

*000*2020-04-13 06:06

Hi all! So, I think it's probably because of browsing omorashi a lot recently, or because I actually had a big conversation with another ABDL friend of mine about our wetting habits, but, whatever be the cause, I had a very interesting dream last night! And I was hoping I could share it all with you!

So, the gist of the dream, was, I was at some sort of I want to say, camp? I don't really know where I was, but I was with a bunch of people I've never met, but in my dream, I knew them very well, they were in some sort of higher position above me, but not like, my boss or anything direct like that. All I do know about the location, was it was indoors, and it was somewhere I was staying or a while. I also think I was younger in the dream than I currently am, because I remember being treated like a minor, If I had to say, I felt like I was a teenager again.

This is where it gets interesting! We were all sitting down and talking when, I came out and confessed I enjoyed wearing more little undergarments, and I remember, blushing a deep red, not knowing what kind of reception I'd get, but to my delight, one man, tall and thin, was very supportive of it, and told me that he thought it was wonderful, in what seemed like a blur of quickly happening events the talk ended I was somewhere else, the man was with me, and he was putting me into a pull-up! I remember this part the most, I had to pee, BADLY! 

Holding it forever was not gonna happen, I had to go, but I was holding it because I can't wet myself! That was, until the pull up was fully fastened on me, I guess subconsciously wearing a pull up or diaper, is better than wetting myself. The pull up was white with pink flowers and pink trimmings along the edges once it was securely on me, I let go, and let it flow into the pull up making it turn yellow, and then, as I let out a sigh of relief, I woke up, in the middle of the night, still very sleepy, and questioning it, I put my hands under my blanket, sure enough, wet. Super sleepy, I just threw the blanket on the floor and got a new one, once I woke up several hours later for real, I properly cleaned up!

So there you go! That was my dream last night! I had a fantastic time, I'm so happy that this happens some times! It makes me feel awesome! It all really happened, and that's so cool!

Please let me know what you thought, or anything! I hope the story didn't bore you!

