Car Wetting

Author: Gowetter

*000*2025-08-28 23:17

First time poster, short time lurker (got back into omo on Sunday for the first time in my adult life after an unplanned but surprisingly enjoyable wetting accident)

34/f thicc.

So I started typing my story and it was so long it logged me out. I have been keeping a journal on my phone since Monday so I’m just gonna copy and paste. It’s kinda long, but I hope you enjoy as much as I did! 😈

I decided this morning I was going to enjoy having the house to myself by having a no toilet day except if I had to go #2.

2:43. Outside. Already starting to squirm. Can’t hold it anymore and let go. This is now the longest. Pretty sure diaper is 50% full. One more big gush like that and I’ll have to change again. Maybe go buy a small pack til tomorrow. Gonna go to a store that I don’t normally visit (further away) and get a small pack. Probably gonna wet in public before I get home in my diaper.

2:49 changed diaper and putting on bra and shoes. Still kinda wet from previous pee.

2:55 headed out

2:57 leaked. Diaper is damp been leaking/holding.

3:07. Starting to feel desperate. Gonna change then get diapers and hopefully wet before I get out of store. Gonna go on an aisle that someone is on and do it close to them.

3:10 not that wet. Not gonna change. Gonna force/hold a couple of times and go get diapers. Adjusted diaper. Here I go. Walking the long way, and letting small leaks go as I walked.

Checked out at 3:16. Stood talking to the cashier and semi forcing. Leaked in front of her.

Started walking out the door and to my car, forced, let go, didn’t stop til I was sitting back down. Diaper is definitely bulging. First full public wet is a success.

3:36 driving back I accidentally missed my turn. Come to different store. Gonna change and buy a drink.

Forcing it a couple of times, gonna change, then get a drink in a damp diaper.

3:43 wet diaper while checking out. Bought a monster. Gonna drink it otw home. Man, I wonder how many people do this. It’s so freeing to just wet when needed/wanted. 🥵😅😈

8/28 4:42. Left store, decided to drive the extra long way home, making sure to take some bumpier roads and hold my seatbelt tight across my bladder and then give myself a break. When I felt the urge get worse, I allowed myself to leak for a few seconds and held. Drove more. Deciding my route as I went, since I wanted to overflow. Kept driving, giving myself goals. If I get to this road/substation/former job site, I’ll allow myself 3 seconds of leaking. Listened to ocean waves and babbling brooks at a loud volume through the speakers. Decided to get out at a stop sign as pressure was starting to build in my bladder, and put a bag I had in the car down, before getting to the main road, and I’m glad I did.

Still didn’t have a huge urge to go so went down and drove to the road off of the highway to come home from the closest major town. Got distracted by former person in my life whom I wish nothing at all for who was driving behind me and forgot my urge. Was doing great, holding on. About 10 minutes from home, I got to a stop sign and leaked for 3 seconds and then held. Kept that up, shaking, jiggling, squirming, and squeezing my legs tight to ease the urge. It helped for a little while. I held on. I was proud, but I knew what was gonna happen somewhere closer to home. Decided to give myself 5 seconds as a reward.

And couldn’t stop. It spurted out so fast that my diaper couldn’t keep up. Flooded my diaper, my shorts. Grabbed a hoodie and shoved it between my legs where I could feel the wetness seeping through. Finally relieved, I finished the drive home and am sitting in the driveway in my own wet mess typing this. Going inside to assess the damage and clean up. I know my shorts are soaked. They soaked up what the diaper and the hoodie didn’t. Will take pictures.

4:50 still in car. Already got a wet seat, might as well finish. Relaxed. Finishing emptying right now before going in. Omg it feels soooooo good. Just letting it flow..still going. This is the longest pee I’ve had. I’m still leaking. I’m gonna be soaked. I just now stopped. Jk. Forced out more. Now I’m drenched. Stood up out of the car and the extra that my shorts didn’t soak up started to run down my leg and pool into my crocs.

5:00 after coming inside and assessing the damage I decided to go one more time before cleanup. I stood in the shower, recorded the damage, and was enjoying myself with the shower head. Cum so hard I slipped, fell, and ripped down the shower curtain. Probably gonna have a bruise. Gonna watch the video (too scared to share) and replay what happened in my mind.

5:10 fresh diaper and a cut off shirt. Gonna relax for a few

5:43 cleaned car, letting it dry. Making omo account. Currently wetting new diaper. Pretty sure it’s almost full now. Let go again and leaked on bed. Guess I gotta wash the sheets and a pillowcase too now.

** pictures of the damage, last picture is the full bulge of the diaper (I like the feeling of the bulge being saggy, wet and warm between my legs)

&&

