First Wetting in Ages

Author: Gregg

*000*2019-05-22 23:51

I'm not sure if anyone here remembers me. I used to be a semi-regular contributor, but about 4-5 years ago I stopped posting.

The main reason for that was I started seeing someone. So the shift in my attentions combined with the fact that I didn't really feel right talking about sexual(ish) subject matter with strangers while I was dating someone led to me not coming here anymore, except to lurk the downloads section once in a while.

Well, I'm still seeing the same person, we're now living together, and I've let her know about my peeing/wetting fetish in bits and pieces over the years. I already told her a year or so ago that in the past I've wet my pants on purpose for fun. She was surprised but didn't seem put off by it.

One evening a couple of weeks ago, I told her directly (with much embarrassment) that I wanted get really desperate and wet my pants again, as it's something I hadn't done since before we started going out. She was indifferent more than anything, but just wanted to make sure I wasn't going to make a mess on the carpet or furniture or anything.

Well, that holding session ended prematurely due to an unintended orgasm while I was pressing my bladder (I think it must be a prostate thing) and after that I lost interest so didn't end up wetting myself.

However, last week I decided to do it again. During the last few hours of work, I started drinking water regularly, doing the prep phase of the Rapid Desperation method. My intent was to pee one last time before leaving work (about 2:30) and then continue doing the Rapid Desperation method at home and hold out until my girlfriend got home (I estimated about 5:30).

As soon as I got home, I texted her that I was going to hold my pee again, and was going to try to hold on until she got home. My intent was to be on the edge of bursting when she got back, and then I would ask her if she would tell me what to do (keep holding, go in my pants, etc.) She has a mischievous side where she likes to tease people, so I thought this would be a great way to get her involved.

I absolutely love the Milovana challenges while I'm holding, so once I got home about 2:50 I started one of those. Actually I started several. I usually have 2-3 going at once so that I can switch between them when one of them has a really long break in it (like 10-12 minutes).

The whole time, I was diligently drinking and following the challenge instructions, and I could feel my urge growing. I took care of some household chores in the meantime, and then I got wrapped up responding to some emails for a nonprofit I volunteer with.

At around 4:00 I was getting noticeably fidgety sitting at my computer, and I was trying to fill out a spreadsheet for one of the emails I was writing. I couldn't really focus on the Milovana challenges, but it was getting harder and harder to enter the data. Finally, around 4:30 I managed to wrap up the email, and by that time I was starting to reach true desperation territory. I couldn't stop moving, and my bladder had reached the point where I had to actively hold on to keep from leaking. This always happens right around the 2 hour mark when I do the Rapid Desperation method.

Every minute that passed felt like ten, and I thought there was no way I was going to make it until 5:00, let alone 5:30. At this point I started the "Extreme Desperation Challenge

" and did my best to hold on as long as I could.

Around 5:00 I started having serious pressure waves. I felt like any one of them could be the one that made me leak. I usually leak when I start to reach my limit, rather than just having the dam burst.

A couple of times the waves were so intense that I grunted out loud with the effort of holding back, like I do when I'm lifting weights and struggling to get that one last rep.

Around 5:05 I was surprised I was still holding, and desperately hoping my girlfriend would text soon to let me know she was on her way home. I was sweating and squirming nonstop at this point. Every time I'd reached this level of desperation in the past, I would usually go outside for a long walk, since that's the only way I could avoid the temptation of just using the toilet or letting go in my pants in the privacy of my own home.

Around 5:30 I couldn't stand straight anymore. I was on my knees, and by this time had put a towel under me just in case. My girlfriend finally texted that she was on her way home, (which put her arrival about 15 minutes out) and I responded that I would try to hold on.

Around 5:40 I still had the Milovana challenges going, but I knew that I would lose control if I actually attempted any of them. I was just hunched over on my knees on the floor in front of my computer, squeezing myself and bouncing up and down on my heels like crazy. There was no position I could get in to take pressure off my bladder. If I had been outside walking like I usually was at this point, I'm sure I would have already had a spurt or two. Being hunched over on the floor was the only thing keeping me from leaking.

Around 5:47 (I remember the time because I was watching the clock intently at this point) my girlfriend still wasn't home, and I didn't know how much longer I could last, so I hobbled my way into the bathroom and knelt on my towel on the tile floor. All I could do was stare blankly at the tile pattern and try to keep holding. I didn't know what was taking my girlfriend so long to get home, but more than anything I wanted to last until she arrived. If I had been in any other situation, even outside walking, I would have already wet myself, if not from the pressure, then just from the absolute desperation of wanting relief.

I'm ashamed to admit that at this point, my resolve weakened. I probably could have muscled my way through, but another wave hit and the desire for relief was just too much. I tightened up all my muscles and tried to hold it in, but my reflexive urge to let go overpowered, and the dam burst.

I said before that usually I'm a leaker, but this was a full on wetting. The relief was incredible, and at the same time I was so full that I didn't feel relieved at all. I held my shirt up out of the way to keep it from getting wet as I hissed into my khaki pants, soaking down my left leg and dripping from my butt onto my calves beneath me. I peed for probably 20-30 seconds before the stream tapered off.

My bladder was still so full, but it wasn't at the bursting point anymore, and for some reason I found myself unable to continue peeing after the initial explosion.

I knelt on the wet towel, panting heavily, sweat dotting my forehead, disappointed that I hadn't been able to hold on longer. I stayed like that for a couple of minutes, wondering if I should start to get cleaned up, or wait for my girlfriend to arrive. Finally, about 2 minutes later I heard the garage door, as my girlfriend arrived home.

I waited for her to find me, or to call my name, but I could just hear her putting her things away in the kitchen. I said to her, "I didn't make it" (or something like that) and she responded, "Oh, you peed?"

"Yeah." I said, and got no response. "...Are you disappointed"?

"I was hoping you would vacuum..." she replied.

Not exactly the response I was hoping for.

"What are you doing in there?" She asked.

"I'm... sitting on a wet towel..." I said.

I can't remember what she said after that, but basically she was totally indifferent to my situation. I guess I can't blame her, but I was fairly disappointed I didn't get some kind of reaction.

I finally got up, took off my pants, and started to wipe up the floor. After putting the wet things in the laundry (still wearing my soaked boxers) I saw her and said, "If I had made it until you got home, I was going to ask you to tell me what to do," again, hoping for some kind of response.

"I would have asked you to vacuum," she said, totally misinterpreting what I was saying.

I don't think she was mad or frustrated with me, I just think her mind was in a totally different place from mine at that point.

When I explained to her what I meant, she did seem to express some interest in the idea of having me pee in the back yard, so that gave me some glimmer of hope.

Later that night I was getting ready for bed and she was about to shower, and I said, "I need to pee" (intending to use the other bathroom) and she responded, "Hold it until I get back" (which I did) so I think there's still some possibility of getting her to participate in the future.

