Wetting My Friend's Shoes

Author: Guest Renlhefhtbazil

*000*2016-06-24 19:57

This happened a few years ago, I was pretty young when it happened so it's sort of a blur, but I'll try to remember as much as I can as I go along.

My mom had this boyfriend a couple of years ago who had three kids, two boys and a girl. The girl, Madison, was about my age but she liked my older sister better, so they always hung out. Well one summer, he invited us all to go to Anza with him To meet his parents. It was a two and a half hour drive from where we lived, so I slept most of the way.

This experience happened on the third day we were there. His parents had a trampoline that we all liked to jump on, so we spent the day out there. I asked Madi if I could borrow a pair of shoes, to which she said yes and handed me these sparkly slip ons. I loved them, and planned on taking care of them. After lunch, we went back on the trampoline. I knew I had to pee, but I was having so much fun I didn't even care.

About half an hour went by before I realized just how badly I had to go. I got off the trampoline and walked inside, holding myself subtly. No one noticed me as I made my way to the bathroom. The door was closed, meaning someone was in there. In my mind, I thought I didn't really need to go that bad. So I put it off to go play in the guest room till the bathroom was open.

I sat there, reading books, playing with Barbies, and coloring while holding myself. Since everyone was either outside or in the kitchen (or in the bathroom) I was completely alone. Finally, the bathroom was open. I stood up, held myself tight, and walked into the bathroom. The bathroom was pretty big from what I remember, so the toilet being across the room seemed like 100 miles for me. I closed the door, locked it, and walked over to the toilet.

Now, it doesn't take very long to get to the toilet from the door, but in my smaller mind it felt like forever since I really had to go. I remember this part very vividly. I got about halfway to the toilet, basically shuffling, when I started to just pee. I couldn't stop it, my bladder let go. I was two steps from the toilet and tried to hurry, but it was too late. Pee filled my panties and seeped through the cotton, running down my legs and all over Madi's shoes. I watched it happen, the puddle grew as the stream of pee shot out of me. It was loud on the tile floors and echoed through the bathroom. I squatted down slowly in front of the toilet, watching the massive amount of pee pour out of me with absolutely no control over it. It just kept coming out, I felt it spreading to my butt and getting on my shirt. It was warm, and I was completely soaked. I just sat there, completely peeing my panties all over the floor right in front of the toilet.

When I was finished, I didn't know what to do. I was in a strangers house, I was young, and I was afraid I'd get in trouble. I don't remember telling my mom, but I remember what I did right after. I just sat down in my puddle, touching my underwear and my clothes, examining the damage. I didn't cry, I didn't try to clean it up, I just sat down. My pink skirt was completely soaked, and my panties had gone translucent. To this day, I still think I enjoyed it too much.

