Phobia Over Relief

Author: Guest Armaril

*000*2021-02-22 00:28

SPOILER ALERT: I did indeed make it, but it was a close call.

I've made it clear before that I do not enjoy the feeling of a full bladder and much more prefer seeing others desperate, which is why I haven't really found anything interesting to write on the "experiences" section of Omo.org. Well now, I have something. It's not crazy interesting since I made it, but hey, it's something. So, this happened a week ago. I was in my room, sitting in bed, working on my computer. It was 1 a.m. in the morning and I had been working for probably 5 hours at the time.

For the entirety of it, I put my needs to the side and wouldn't allow myself to get up until I had finished everything on my to-do list. I'm the type of person who always puts their work before their needs. Since I was so absorbed in my work, I hadn't even noticed how full my bladder had gotten. It took a while, but I eventually came back to Earth and realized how badly I had to go. 

Instead of just getting up and using the bathroom, I told myself I could finish one more thing on my list and then go, putting faith on my bladder of steel. I eventually finished my task after 30-40 minutes and my bladder was beyond full. I turned off my computer and got up. As I walked to the door, it felt like gravity was pushing down on my bladder. When I opened the door, I was met with a huge cockroach on the floor in front of me. I have a serious case of katsaridaphobia, and for the people who don't know, it's basically the phobia of cockroaches. I cannot stress enough how terrified I am of cockroaches. 

Even typing the name gives me goosebumps. So picture this, this cockroach is just sitting directly in front of the doorway as I pace back and forth, begging this cockroach to just get out of my way, unable to actually kill it thanks to my phobia. This cockroach was literally guarding my way out and I was pissed. It sounds silly, I know. After like 10 minutes of begging this god foresaken cockroach to move, it finally ran away, and when I say I sprinted to the bathroom, I mean it. Though the relief was overwhelming, I didn't enjoy the desperation part and hope something like this doesn't ever happen again anytime soon. So yeah, that's basically it.

