A little story of high school

Author: Glocky

*000*2019-06-15 10:39

In my high school I was in a specialized class, people who had not had their BACs. For most people it was because they had done a CAP before. (Sorry, I do not know the name of these graduates in English.)

In my class the age range from 17 to 22 years. In my class I was next to a girl, who will be called Z for the story. Z often complained at the end of class that she wanted to go to the bathroom. Because often in the middle of classe, teachers do not want the left go to the bathroom. They said we had to be able to hold ourselves back more than 2 hours. When she told me that she wanted to pee, I told him that it disturbed me. And so I would repeat it and sometimes overplay envy, thinking I was disturbing myself. While in real …

Hanging one afternoon she wanted, more than usual because the last 15 minutes she bounced on his chair pressing his hands on his crotch. So I decided to tease her a little to make her talk a little." Do you still want to pee ? again." With a jaded tone to make sure that she tries to provoke me. But, surprise. She stayed serious and told me that she really wanted to go to the bathroom. So I told him that she had to ask to go.The teacher will let her go. She replied that he would never let her go in the bathroom, that he did not care. So I told him that it cost nothing to try and that it was better to piss in your pants.

After 5 minutes she asked sharply the words to the teacher. "I have to go to the bathroom now." The teacher juste replied "No". She answered him; "I'm going to pee on myself !" She sighed and I told her to stay only 10 minutes. I also told him to bend his legs and not to press his bladder. Pendants 5 minutes to bounce on herself even the teacher ended the classes earlier. And Z hurried to the toilet. 1 week later, the day after a day when I was not there. I learned that Z had piss in her. She said she had done so because the teachers never let her go and that moreover at this time she can hardly stop herself.

Sorry for the mistakes, my English is not very good. If people have questions do not hesitate I did not tell everything in detail, I preferred that the story remains simple and short. And if some French want to ask me questions in mp he does not hesitate. It will be easier for me too.

*002*2019-06-15 19:20

Merci

