Beginning ...

Author: Guest pseudonymaddie

*000*2015-11-03 21:08

{This is my first post, and first experience of omorashi that I remember, so please don't be to harsh }

I was about four years old when I had my first experience with omo, and it was (surprisingly) never discovered - or at least never discovered to be what it was, because my urine was so dilute at the time.

Now for description: I had brown hair of mid length which was tied up in plaits, and I have always been a small child. At the time, I believe I was wearing pink pyjamas with flowers on them.

This following experience is imprinted on my memory so clearly that I can still remember every wonderful detail today.

I was awoken - I wasn't sure how - but I knew it was long past my bedtime. On my wall, the clock's hands were making a ticking noise, and even though I didn't know how to tell time, I knew was that it was dark, and my parents must have already gone to bed. I should go back to sleep I thought, but something wasn't letting me. Standing up - perhaps to reach for a drink of water - I felt my crotch become warm ...

I gasped, and grabbed at myself, trying to stop the flow of urine gushing out of my bladder. I hadn't even known I had to go. Nooo! I thought This isn't fair!

After what felt like minutes to my young mind, I finally managed to plug the hole with my finger. Shuffling with difficulty, I moved the short distance to switch on the light, and examine the damage to my trousers; my crotch was outlined in wetness, but it was not as bad as I has first feared, just a small patch of warmness against my urethra.

The desperation had been building at the back of my mind, and now I doubled over, both hands jammed into my vulva. A tiny dribble of urine snaked its way down my right leg, and I whimpered in my need for release. I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it! Kept running through my brain - I can't make it to the bathroom all the way downstairs, what am I going to do, I'm can't wet myself!? And then finally - I'm going to wet myself.

I shuffled my feet for minutes and minutes, gradually wetting myself as the dribbles became leaks and the leaks evolved closer to spurts. I knew I couldn't hold it.

I felt another leak against my hands and I moaned again, bouncing, half bent over, air hissing quietly between my teeth.

"I need to goooo!" I said, barely more than a pained whisper. I have to get to the bathroom I resolved.

My hands pushed up against my hole, and I felt myself throbbing in desperation, aching to release. I took a step, doing everything I could to stop myself going there in my room. Then another. I took three more, leaving the bedroon, before I knew if I moved my legs again it would be all over. Standing there just outside my doorway, legs clenched and double crossed, shaking in fear of losing it, I had nowhere to go. My mind and muscles were numb. I can't do it I admitted to myself, and felt another spurt warm my leg.

I looked to the left of me. There was an alcove behind a chest of drawers where my family used to store old clothes - I felt this left me with no choice. Running behind the alcove, still hoping to retain a touch of my dignity, I pulled down my clothes and saw a stream arc out of me. NO! I though, too conditioned by the ways of society, and clamped down again, my bladder still throbbing, still begging for release no less than before. Collapsing onto the pile of clothes was the only thing I could do.

In agony, I lay there, my whole lower body tense and desperate. I couldn't stop the streams now. They came once, hissing out of me and pooling at my butt, warm and tingling against my skin. They came again, stronger, so loud I thought my family would wake and find me. I wanted to cry - I thought I was far to old to be having accidents, but as the streams thickened and I rubbed my legs together in the wetness, I began to enjoy the naughtiness of what I was doing. The wet clothes and pooling liquid against my skin was comfortable, and I squeezed my thighs together in delight.

My bladder gradually deflated, and as the last drops dribbled from me, I lay in the warm liquid, throbbing from my waist. Gently, slowly, I took my sodden hands away from where they clenched, trying to hold what had been my bursting bladder.

Maybe that wasn't naughty ... I wondered Because how can something so bad feel so good?

