Yellow snow

Author: Guest

*000*2022-11-25 23:09

It’s kind of hard to be sexy when you’re snowed in with your family. It’s been nothing but shoveling for days for us. My wife’s been making plenty of chicken noodle soup, hot cocoa, and coffee, so staying warm hasn’t been an issue. And we also have a fireplace, because it’s a lot more cozy. Anyway, the part that you’re all here for:

We we’re taking turns shoveling, two people do it for a while, then another two, then another two, and restart the cycle. We did this for hours, which meant that both of our bladders had been filling up for hours. When she came in after doing the last shoveling of the day, she was horrified to learn that the bathroom was occupied. I had bundle up and take her back outside to help her take off all her layers. She basically had to get half naked in freezing cold temperatures so she could pee. It wasn’t easy, and she nearly peed herself during that ordeal, but we eventually succeeded, and I was incredibly turned on. She didn’t mention this, but I think she knew.

Fast forward to late that night, all of us are exhausted and head to bed early. I wake up at maybe 2 in the morning, and when I reached over to cuddle with my wife, I don’t feel her there. I realized that she was probably in the living room or kitchen, because the bathroom light wasn’t on. I quietly made my way to the living room, where I see my wife potty dancing right by the fireplace, with a mug in her hand. She had on nothing but one of my t shirts, which was way too big on her. I silently observed her for a good 5 minutes before she noticed me. She immediately blushed and asked how long I’d been standing there.

”Long enough to enjoy what I’m seeing. But at 2am, really?”

”Cmon, you know we haven’t been able to do anything in days, I’m losing my mind!”

“You could’ve at least invited me.”

”You would make me pee myself! I actually wanna make it this time!”

“Ah, bummer.”

She brought me a second mug and the pot of chamomile tea she made. I helped myself go a mug and say down in the recliner right by the fireplace. She put down her mug and grabbed an empty liter sized bottle and kept potty dancing.

“Don’t. Try. Anything!”

I laughed because I was definitely contemplating trying something, maybe taking that bottle from her hand to delay her relief even longer. She attempted to align her pee hole with the narrow mouth of the bottle, but every time she did, I would take a few steps toward her. She would run away a few steps and blush really hard, which was so cute. I kept doing this over and over.

“Stooooop babe let me pee!”

I caught up with her and bear hugged her from behind. She was giggling the whole time and begging me for mercy. I put my hands up her/my shirt and massaged her tits. She moaned and forgot she had to pee for a second, before shoving her hands back into her crotch.

“Can I hold the bottle?” I asked her.

”No! I know what you’re trying to do!”

”I promise I won’t, please let me do it.”

This back and forth happened a few times before she gave in and let me hold the bottle and let her pee. I did genuinely let her pee, except for one moment I pretended to jerk the bottle away, which gave her a mini heart attack. She filled up maybe half of the bottle.

We then went back to our bedroom and settled in for the night (again), but my cock was still so hard from that ordeal, and she was still turned on too. I started rubbing her tits, then her pussy, we start making out, one thing leads to another, and eventually she has to put her hand over my mouth to keep me from moaning so loudly while she was riding me. But that’s not the end of the story.

A few hours later, she frantically woke me up asking where I put the bottle that she peed in. I told her I dumped it out and rinsed if and put it in one of the drawers. She begins looking for the bottle all while potty dancing. She eventually found it and breathed a huge sigh of relief as she peed into it.

