Birthday Treat

Author: Guest

*000*2019-08-22 10:23

Hello all,

I have just experienced my first wetting experience with my current girlfriend and wanted to let you know how it happened and what happened. I may have rambled and for that I am sorry. I will let you know what sections of the story entails and you can skip at your pleasure.

Paragraphs 1- 2: My girlfriends response when I told her about my fetish.

Paragraphs 3 - 7: Preperation and Desperation.

Paragraph 8: The wetting.

Paragraphs 9-11: The sex.

I have been with my current girlfriend for sometime now and early on in the relationship I told her about my omo fetish. At first she was puzzled and a little perturbed with the fact that I found this fetish exciting. She would sometimes make jokes when we were alone like ‘I need to pee, sorry does that give you a hard on’ smiling and winking as she does it.

Well I thought the chance of her getting into the fetish was well and truly buried. Until the start of 2019, it was January and we were out drinking at the local pub. It was empty inside and we sat by the fire and started chatting. She then brought up the omorashi topic and this time she wasn’t messing around. She asked questions like ‘What turns you on by this?’, ‘What parts do you enjoy the most?’, ‘Is desperation a factor in this?’ I answered all her questions and at the end of the conversion she said she understood more why I enjoyed this fetish and that it is not as much of a shock to her anymore. She then said ‘if we are still together when it is your birthaday, I may give you birthday treat.’ My mind was blown and I asked her if she was sure about it? She said she would have to do some research, which she did, by watching wetting videos, reading bits off this forum and how she would do it on the day.

We stayed together and true to her word the day before my birthday she said ‘are you ready for your birthday treat tomorrow?’ We had it all planned out. She was to wear blue jeans, grey panties and a blue top. I asked her to wear heals as it accentuated her legs and butt. We had some left over puppy training pads for our dog and thought to use them to soak up the mess. All was a go.

On the day I asked her to have her morning pee as usual, so the pee was not as potent, and to go to the toilet until she felt ready to begin holding. She had two cups of coffee and we then headed to our local supermarket. As we entered the store she said ‘I feel the need to pee’ as we went passed the doors, we were stopped by a guy trying to get us to swap broadband providers. Normally I wouldn’t give them the time of day to listen to them but a naughty idea popped into my head. So we got chatting to the guy and spent a good 20 minutes talking to him and out of the corner of my eye did my girlfriend start to cross her legs and now and then give me an evil look. 

We told the guy we will think about it and took his name and the package he offered. As soon as we left him my girlfriend whispered in my ear ‘you did that on purpose, you naughty boy’ I asked how desperate she was and she said ‘I am getting desperate. Just standing there talking to that guy was torture. I actually liked it though. Did you like me crossing my legs?’ I couldn't deny it as I was getting pretty excited myself and she could tell.

We did our shopping and went back home. Packed it all away and we sat down to watch something on Netflix. I got her a glass full of Pepsi to drink whilst we watched a couple of shows. An hour and a half and 3 glasses later she was desperate. Asking me if she could piss herself then and now. I pressed my hand firmly on her bladder and she moaned and winced at the pressure. I told her ‘I don’t think you are ready yet, drink some more.’ She looked flabbergasted, she kept pleading she needed to pee and that the funny moments of the programme we were watching made it hard for her to keep control. I kept telling her ‘no. Not yet. Now is not the time.’ She was getting restless. Hands in her crotch and swaying back and forth.

I got up to get the room ready with the puppy pads. I came back with another full glass of Pepsi. I gave it to her and put the next show on. I told her ‘you have a choice. You can pee only when you have finished this glass or when the next episode finishes (30 minutes). She was not happy but also massivley turned on by this turn of events. I didn’t mention this earlier but she likes to be dominated and loved it when I gave her this ultamatum.

So we watch the programme. 15 minutes in and half of her drink is gone. She gets back to begging to pee. I repated the rules. I pressed on her bladder when she asked to pee again. She really needed to pee, her bladder was solid as a rock. She moaned again when I pressed hard. She complained she couldn’t drink anymore and asked how long was left on the show. I covered her eyes and told her ‘if you tell me how long you think is left of the show and if you get it right. I will allow you to pee now.’ She started to moan and groan. ‘I dont know! 6 minutes?’ She asked, ‘oh I'm sorry, wrong answer. Thank you for playing.’ She let out a scream and whimpered afterwards. The answer of was 3 minutes left.

After that she bounced on the sofa, stood up and downed the rest of her drink. ‘I need to piss now!’ She said and ran to the pads. She stood there with her legs apart looking at me straight on. Thats when I saw it. A streak flowed down from her crotch and ran down her right leg. I watched as a pool began to form around her right foot. I told her to turn around and thats when I saw her back legs completely drenched in piss. The wetness from the back of her legs met with the wet stains on the front. Her left leg was were most of the pee went and pooled. I watched as the puppy pad couldn’t take the amount of pee and it overflowed onto the floor. 

I went over to stop the spread and she just kept peeing. Her jeans were completely soaked. Her face bright red. She looked at the floor and saw the mess she made and started laughing ‘is that what you wanted?’ I was shocked I did not know what to say and she leaned over and started kissing me intently. ‘I am going to put these in the wash and pop in the shower. Can you clean this up please?’

‘No problem’ I said. She pulled off her jeans and I saw her saturated grey panties. She dried her feet and ran to the shower.

I popped the clothes in the washing machine, picked up the pads and started mopping. My girlfriend called me to come upstairs. I finished mopping and went to see her. ‘Come here’ she said still wet from the shower and a towel wrapped around her. She grabbed my hand and put it straight onto her crotch. Her lips were swollen and she was wet from excitement. Before I knew it she was kissing me and undoing my shirt. I whipped off my trousers and we both jumped into bed.

We started having sex and she was loving it. Moaning and pulling my hair. I felt her tightening around my cock and then felt a warm liquid on my stomach area. I could feel myself getting ready to go and when I reached climax she screamed and again I felt a warm liquid splashing onto me.

It transpired that she got so turned on by me dominating her that she couldn’t control how excited she was. Her crotch was so sensitive that she came twice and squirted during sex. It was the best sex we have had recently and as I went to clean up I looked at her and said ‘same thing next birthday?’

‘Sure or maybe sooner?’ was her response. So it looks like both our kinks were well and truly sorted that day and here is to many more in the future.

Malkopee

