Felt Cute - Might Piss My Jeans this Morning ;)

Author: Guest

*000*2019-04-27 17:00

(WARNING: Implied nudity, pee tasting)

Hey, all!

Lazy Saturday morning had me watching wetting videos online. I was getting quite horny and needed to pee as well, so thought I’d go ahead and wet myself.

Put on some old boxer briefs and a pair of tight jeans, hopped into the shower and got down to business! I was hoping to shoot a vid, but my bladder was not cooperating, so I decided to take a (larger and naughtier than usual) photoset.

I start with a nice slow piss in my jeans. My crotch and thighs get nice and damp before I wet some more, down my left thigh and calf.

After that little warm-up, I pull my jeans down around my ankles and pee some more into my underwear. I was hoping to catch the stream flooding through my undies into the crotch of my pants, but it ran all down my ass instead... Still wanting to show a stream, though, I pulled down my underwear as well and pissed directly into my clothes!

With my bladder now empty, and my pissed clothes getting cold and sticky, I pulled my jeans and briefs back up. They were so tight from the dampness! I took a few more shots of me posing in my wet jeans, feeling rather sexy and proud of the mess I’d managed to make.

Rounded it out with the usual - stripping naked, a few photos showing the final damage, and my favorite... Sitting naked in my tub, pissy clothes barely keeping me decent while I suck and savor my own nectar...

Hope you enjoy...

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

