Relaxing wetting in the park

Author: Guest Wet Pleasure

*000*2020-11-02 21:43

I have finally been able to enjoy a good wetting in a long time. I'm sorry if this is kind of long but I want to give all of you details.

I got a few hours alone today and have been dying for a wetting. I decided to take a walk on the trails thru the park right next to my house. I wore multiple layers starting with an open newborn diaper, then panties. On top of the panties I have some black leggings then this very tight bodysuit kind of thing holding it all up tight against me. Its kind of like a 1 piece bathing suit but it has a bra clasp in the crotch. My outer clothes to hide the bodysuit and the wet spots to come, I had black BDU's a t-shirt and a fleece jacket. A ton of layers, but I'm shy and nervous about wetting in public yet it's so fun.

I drank 2 bottles of water before going and took one with me. My goal was to wet about halfway along so my outer pants had time to hide the wet spot. Immediately as I got on the trail there was a family coming up that had a young boy and girl, a teenage girl and her boyfriend, then the parents following. I stopped and waited as I was nervous they would know lol.

I walked on for a while then let just a trickle out. Just enough to get dampen my panties while I looked for a good spot to sit and enjoy. About an hour after I got there I found an old fallen tree to sit on. I sat there and took in all the feelings and sounds of forcing a large amount of pee into my pants. Surprisingly I was still dry so I walked on. After this first large squirt, it was a lot of little leaks and squirts. After about 30 minutes of more walking, I had to go again. This time I just stopped and let it go while standing. I stopped once I felt it run down the inside of my left leg. It felt AMAZING! Unfortunately after only a minute the line down my left leg went cold as its 54 degrees out. After that I just kept letting out squirts to keep everything warm. I stopped when I realized I was close to the end of the trail and did a spot check. I had a little wet area on the front of my pants but it was hardly noticeable.

Once I got home I took off all my outer clothes and kept from the body suit in on. I sat on the toilet and forced a bunch of pee out. I am now sitting here in all my wet clothes typing this, drinking tea, and peeing every few minutes. I'm holding my hand over everything wet and looking down at my crotch to look at the bulge of everything I'm wearing cupped and highlighted by the bodysuit. If I'm honest, kind of making me hot.

