Bus Stop Desperation Sighting

Author: glitchylily

*000*2017-11-13 02:30

Bus Sighting

I was heading towards the bus stop when the day was just beginning and the sun didn't even shine. The sky's hue looked none other than a blue mint. Since it was so early, nearly anyone rode the bus at those hours unless getting to work. I, on the other hand, was only heading to the library to catch up on studies for my afternoon classes. Usually when I arrive, all the computers are full, so today I made it my duty to arrive there the earliest.

On my way to the bus stop, I noticed a girl whom I've encountered several times during the evening and takes my route on my way home. She's slim and has a tight waist, yet her thighs bulge slightly when she wears tight shorts. Her hair is dirty blonde with noticeably dyed streaks of maroon. Needless to say, she was gorgeous. That particular chilly morning, she wore a team sport sweatshirt with black short shorts and black converse high tops. For the sake of privacy, she will be called Belle.

In her hand, Belle had a fresh Starbucks coffee, her hand around the cardboard rim. It was more than halfway done, and I noticed in her purse she had another cup that was finished. Probably there until she found a garbage can. This led me to infer she was in a rush to the bus, since clearly trash cans are all over Starbucks. I didn't think much of it and simply waited for the bus to arrive. We were here quite early, though. It wouldn't arrive until another twenty minutes minimum.

During that time, it was awkward. I went on my phone for a bit to distract myself from feeling the urge to speak to her- to start conversation. Anyways we were the only two there. I felt as if I needed to comply to her. I didn't, obviously. That soon started to wear off and I became more comfortable with her presence. We were both standing. Her straw still untouched, I started to see her fidget lightly, shifting from foot to foot.

Oh boy, did I get excited.

She was absolutely beautiful. I could only imagine how miserable she'd look bursting. I might have gotten carried away at the time, taking every detail more literally than it should have been. But it was marvelous.

It's only been about seven minutes, but coffee seemed to fill her bladder terribly fast. She'd already started bobbing. At one point, she was going to pick her hair up in a pony tail, so she put her Starbucks cup between her legs and held the black hair tie on her wrist while picking up the silky hair. Belle's legs mildly wiggled with the cup between them, until she held it again once she finished her little action.

Noticing myself staring, I fumbled trying to not make eye contact in fear she'd realize I caught on. There was still another 15 minutes until the bus came, and still it was only us two. I heard her breathing stagger as her legs crossed. Still, she managed to drink the last few sips of her coffee.

Belle stuffed the cup in her bag and sat down, leaning forwards with her bag on top of her crotch. I was so surprised how desperate she'd already become. Her thighs wobbled a bit as she leaned forwards. She soon reached into her purse and checked the time.

I secretly hoped the bus would delay.

As her actions repeated, I stayed vigilant while doing my own do-das on my phone. Her phone rang, which made me jump slightly, and she answered it while rubbing her thighs. She spoke in what sounded like Russian.

Whoever she was talking to made her laugh as she visibly cupped her vagina and muttered something to them. Not that I'd understand anyways, but she still said it quite softly. Unfortunately on time, the bus pulled up and she hung up.

What sucks about leaving home early is that even though there is no students usually awake, many adults going to work are. The bus was nearly full. She found a seat right across from mine. I was extremely excited.

She fidgeted frequently, slipping to the edge of her seat and massaging her hips. She was almost bursting in so little time. Even though we were apart by a mild distance, I still heard a moan that caught my ear. Her hands were between her legs and she was inched forwards. Her legs rubbed against each other. At this point, she had to pee. Considering she had a book bag, Belle was a student. So her school must be quite far for her to wake up at such a time.

There was woman sitting beside her, about late 30s, who glimpsed at her. Belle must've noticed, because she instantly stopped all her actions. Although I was utterly exhausted, with this on my watch there was no way I'd be sleeping. She switched her seating position and sat atop her foot, hands on her purse. It's only been about 10 minutes since we were on the bus ride, but there was a stop. A great majority of the bus got off until she was left on the row. Immediately, she leans her bum on the arm rest of the other seat and awkwardly positioned, crosses her legs.

My destination wasn't far, so it'd be coming soon. Hopefully, my satisfaction levels will soon be reached.

About half an hour in the bus ride, she remained most of it in that same crouched position. She bit her lip and occasionally held her head in frustration. At this point, she was glancing frequently at her phone and fidgeting in her seat. She held the arm rest as support and moaned every once in a while.

Unfortunately, I had to leave since my stop had finally arrive. Yet I wish this poor girl got off with soaked panties.

Thanks for reading!

- Lily

*007*2017-11-21 02:36

{{On 11/18/2017 at 10:31 AM, Uniee said:

From recent experience holding on a bus is torture... nearly embarrassed myself today in fact.. it's the bumps and vibrations... I nearly wet.. managed to just dribble and luckily was wearing a pantie liner..

}}

Ah yes! I know the feeling well! Almost had an accident in the car today in fact, yet made it just in time before I ruined my dress for the evening. Haha, desperation is always fun.

