Real accident today. (female)

Author: gottagosobad

*000*2019-06-12 21:04

Hi friends. For some background, I have a omo fetish but really only for other people's desperation, not my own. I was always and am still extremely shy about needing to go to the bathroom and now I love watching people need to pee and wet theirselves and I hate feeling those things myself. To make things worse, everything goes right through me, and I have to drink a lot of water or I get head and stomaches so I'm constantly needing to be. So for those of you looking for some genuine accident stories, I've decided to start sharing mine.

So the last incident I had, last week, was in my home which is better than in public, but my girlfriend, E, was home to witness my embarrassment. I woke up already having to pee badly to see that our bathroom door was shut with the light on, so I closed my eyes again as I waited for E to come out and I fell asleep. When I woke up, she was showering. I tried to wait awhile but realized soon that I needed to pee pretty badly and didn't know when she'd be out.

I started knocking on the door a little frantically because I was pretty sure I wouldn't be able to get her attention and I was pretty sure I wouldn't make it in time to find some clothes to put on and we have roommates, but also I was really close to peeing myself already and I would rather do it in my room than out there.

I still hoped I'd make it without peeing myself in front of E though, she's always super understanding about me peeing myself but she also makes fun of me a little for it and I hate that she has seen it happen now 3 times (she's seen me come home with wet pants a few more times). She doesn't know about my fetish or how much it embarrasses me to piss myself because these are things I am also shy about.

Anyway I knocked louder for awhile and I started to pee myself, just a little bit but I couldn't get it to stop. Somehow being completely naked makes it feel like it's harder to hold it in. That's when E opened the door and I went over to the toilet as fast as I could but trying not to lose control on the way. E made some clever comment like she always does about how do I always get myself into these situations blah blah but practically before she could even finish I just started full force peeing onto the tile floor. I froze for a second but then bolted for the toilet, peeing into it like a firehose. So I peed myself fully while also fully naked while my girlfriend watched, and then continued to pee fully naked into the toilet for what felt like forever.

E was cool about it but teased me for it, and cleaning it up was almost as embarrassing as doing it.

