More High School Stories!

Author: gaygabey

*000*2016-09-21 02:32

Hi again

Today was a completely normal school day...

...except for lunch.

So how lunch works is it's in the middle of class, and we have about 45 minutes before class to work, then we have lunch for 20, and go back to class for 20 more minutes. The girl I sit next to (I'm going to be calling her Samantha) for the first half of the class, kept remarking to her friend that "she had to piss so bad." and so of course my omo-meter tuned into her conversation with whoever asap. Her friend (Who I will call May) wasn't any help. Their conversation went just about like this:

Sam: "I have to piss so bad right now."

May: "Then why don't you just ask the teacher to go?"

Sam: "Are you kidding? She doesn't let anyone go! Lilly (her other friend) said she asked to go to the nurse to get her meds and she wouldn't let her go until the very end of class."

May: "Oh... well... does this help?" (She starts poking Samantha's sides right here.)

And I'm pretty sure anyone on this site knows what it's like to be tickled when you need to pee. What resulted was Sam pushing May's arm away, and quickly jamming her hand between her thighs, groaning a little.

H O T

Holy shit it took all I could muster to not moan out loud right then and there. The way she did it was so hot it's indescribable.

We soon went to lunch, and I followed closely behind Sam. This sounds creepy as all hell I know, but I was literally on a high from the lust right then and there. She got in line and I could tell she was quite uncomfortable. She kept shifting from foot to foot, and once in a while stopping to rub her thighs. Oh god, it took everything from me to not stare at her the entire lunch. I noticed when she opened the fridge to grab her water and salad her mouth opened in a small "o" before gaining her composure again. I haven't been that turned on since I first discovered omorashi porn

I had no idea what her lunch went like, as I don't sit with her, but I saw her again when she was going to throw away her trash, the water bottle was about 30% empty. I small smirk crept on my face as I knew she wasn't going to make it.

I got back to class after everyone (because I take a way not many people do because it's apparently "longer". I arrive after everyone because I like to take my time unlike them lol.) and Sam is back at her desk, so I take a seat and steal a look at her. She has a deliciously strained look on her face, and I could tell she was trying not to grab her crotch, as her hand was on her upper thigh, as close as possible to you know where without it being obvious.

After the bell rang, and we all got situated and quiet, during our lesson Sam was absent-mindedly bouncing her leg. Just to witness what would happen (Once again, I was high on lust), I quietly asked her to stop, and she said "Okay." and started to cross her legs. I remember specifically out of all of the moments, she went from trying to cross from one leg to the other, I guess her bladder gave a little spasm, and a small mewl spilled out of her. It was utterly adorable!

After class, she walked to seminar (which is the same as mine. I'm a lucky dog.), and I could tell she was almost at her breaking point. She looked like a solid 7.75 if not an 8. During announcements out of the corner of my eye, I saw her grab her crotch under her desk, as I sit across from her.

About 20 minutes into seminar, I could see her desperation reaching its peak. She was both crossing her legs and bouncing up and down. She was going to burst soon, and I was not going to miss it. She asked to use the restroom (obviously).

Since I am the quiet kid who goes out of my way to not cause trouble, most teachers are pretty lax with me, so when I asked to use the restroom right after she did, the teachers didn't hesitate to give me permission, as I hardly ever ask anything of them anyway.

In the hall, I caught up to Sam and started a conversation with her about our English paper. While I distracted her I slowed down bit by bit, so when we finally did reach the restroom we were at a slow walking pace, and she looked at about an 8.5. When we got to the door, I asked her to wait for me as I got a drink, and she reluctantly said yes, as I took my sweet time running that water just to create the noise of it hitting the metal basin. I turned back around abruptly so Sam wouldn't expect it, and I caught her grabbing herself with both hands. Her face turned bright red, and I have to admit at that point I actually felt really terrible for doing that to her. I just laughed it off and we went into the bathroom together.

Remember in my last story how the bathrooms are always really cold?

You guessed it.

For reference, Sam was wearing a Red Hot Chili Peppers shirt and plain blue skinny jeans. She walked in, and once again that asshole Cold Air striked again, and she ran across the bathroom. She didn't make it as far though, when she stopped dead in her tracks. It seemed like she had started to leak, and had to stop to throw her legs together and shove her hand between her thighs. I didn't realize this at first, so I almost walked right around her until I got so close I noticed she was starting to wet herself.

The pee slowly crept up her bum, then suddenly as if she had given up, jets of her fluids spurted between her fingers as if putting your finger on a garden hose. Finally after a few seconds, she just dropped her hand entirely and spread her legs. It was like a thin Niagara Falls between her legs, and I loved every bit of it.

This entire time her back was turned to me, so in the heat of the moment I was rubbing my clit through my leggings, feeling the wetness of myself. When her stream finally slowed to a trickle, I forced myself to remove my hand from my crotch, and gain some composure. Sam then turned around to face me, and she had tears in her eyes, and her entire face was absolutley red.

Then I really really felt bad, so I quickly walked to the sinks, and grabbed some soap, dropping it on the puddle. The entire time I was helping her, Sam was absolutley in tears, sitting on the floor and apologizing almost every sentence. I kept assuring her it was fine as I wiped up her mess, and washed the floor.

After I got the mess clean, I had her wash her hands. I then asked her if she had gym and she said no, so I told her I had an extra pair of shorts she could use, and I'd just tell the teacher that she got sick in the bathroom and went to the nurse. I gave her my locker number and combo, and she gave me a really big hug, pee jeans and all.

Thanks for reading all of this! True story! I got her phone number after school and we've been talking non stop. She's really a sweetie.

