Wetting Underwear in the Woods on a Hike

Author: Guest Arou32

*000*2020-08-19 20:31

%20200819_112216_1_1_1.mp4

This is my first time posting here. I have always been fascinated with peeing and wetting but have just recently found omo and this site. Today was my second time wetting myself and it was great so I thought I'd share.

My day started out pretty normal other than being a little aroused. I decided to go for a hike in the forest. I found a random place away from any trails and started hiking. Due to this there where no other people around. As I'm walking along, I begin to feel a slight sensation in my bladder. I had a coffee and a couple bottles of water before i started hiking. I liked the feeling of this sensation so it got me thinking that being alone and out in the woods may be the perfect time to experiment with wetting myself. The thought of this kind of excited me so I drank the rest of the water i had. Continuing to hike, I begin thinking about wettings I had seen on this site and elsewhere which started making me pretty horny.

As my arousal grew, so did the sensation to pee. I was enjoying nature and my alone time just letting my mind wonder. Pretty soon, the water I had earlier hit and now I definitely felt the urge to pee. I liked this feeling a lot. It made my penis get a little hard and rub against my pant just right which of course intensified everything even more. Soon stepped hard down into a dry creek bed which made a very small amout of pee come out into my underwear. I liked the surprise and the feeling so a bit later, i let another small leak go.

I now felt a very small wet warm spot on my tip in my underwear. My feelings both physical and mental were in a very nice enjoyable state at this time, I was very much at peace with myself. Hiking further into the woods a thought came across my mind that it may be fun to video myself wetting. This thought made the whole thing a bit more exciting. At this time I was now working pretty hard to hold it in so I figured I better start looking for a place to do it.

After a while of searching, I found a rock on a steap incline that would work good to prop my phone on to take a video. I bent down to put my phone on the rock which made me almost loose control. I took my shoes and pant off and turned my phones video camera on. I bent over once more to hit record and a little pee was forced out unintentionally. I stood back up and stared to slowly release. A lot of the pee went right out of my underwear but right away I felt the warm liquid flow all the way around my penis and then down and around my balls. That feeling was incredible! I let go and enjoyed it so much I think i may have been close to an orgasm. The pee then flowed between my legs along my pelvic floor. This sesation was euphoric! 

My heart rate was elevated as it started down my legs cooling off and lightly tickling on the way down. My stream slowed to a trickle then stopped. My eurethra then pulsated and contracted several times quickly without me doing it which was an awesome sensation in itself. I stopped the video and took some after photos before removing my underwear. This probably sounds weird, but I had the urge to smell my underwear. Much to my surprise, they didn't really smell like pee at all. It was actually a pretty sweet, mild, pleasant scent. For some reason I enjoyed it. I'm now so incredibly horny I think i might put my pants and shoes on going commando and find a spot to play for a while. This was a new experience that made me enjoy myself much more than i have in a long time. I will definitely be doing something like this again.

$$

$$

$$

