Little accident (pee and messing) on my way home

Author: GirlDTP

*000*2024-04-29 13:28

Hello, it's me again !

While i'm still in the sexy mood and want to do some holding and pee pants, what happen to me today is a real accident !

Last time i pee was this morning, at 10 a.m, when i wake up. After that, i had to go to my grand parents house cause i often eat with them. We finished eating around 1 p.m, and I began to wanting to go but nothing insufferable. After that, i had a quick interview for a sociologist study, and then ha to do a quick in my town to go get something, but at this moment i realise i really needed to go, and not only for peeing, but also for the other thing !

I try to speed up on my way home, but i quckly realise i was searching for a hiding place ( a little because it was exciting to imagine myself made a mess in the street, but mostly because the urge increase rapidly). Problems ? I was wearing and overall and there is no hiding place on my way home !

I started feeling really unwell and had to make a lot of pauses on my way. I try to run, but it only lead to almost wetting myself. I suceeded to hold my pee by placing my hands between my thighs, but my shorty was already wet, and i could feel a little spot on my overall.

I was almost at home, and fell like i could do it and.... I almost. In front on my front door, I feel so relieved, i did it, i suceeded... And then i mess myself. I was not able to hold it anymore, and i try just a few second before realising it was too late anymway.

I run in my garden to keep a little privacy and let go of everything, even pushing a little, while kneeling cause i was shaking from the relief, the shame and the hotness of what whas happening right know.

It was really cool, i think i like having real accident like that and i'm still shaking a little while typing that XD

Anyway, i hope you'll enjoy reading my story as much as i enjoy it when it happen to me !

*003*2024-04-29 17:23

{{1 hour ago, tanin said:

Very cool story! How big was your mess at the beginning and when you finished? Was it loose or not, and were you able to keep it in your panties till reaching your garden?

}}

It was not loose and yes i was able to keep everything in my panties, i did not take them off while peeing, since it was already ruined there was no reason to do so, i juste pee throught it and when i finished i came home to cleaned myself

{{3 hours ago, Calvin1 said:

Sounds like it was fun. I would like to be able to mess myself...bet it felt nice.

}}

It happend few times for me but most of the cases were sort of accident, sometimes induced by some people i chat with

*005*2024-04-29 19:23

{{1 minute ago, tanin said:

It's nice that the damage was not so big, at least until you deliberately finished your "businesses". I love the idea to deliberately finishing accident in your panties, when you will be able to avoid that with going to the toilet.

Was this your first messing accident?

}}

It was not the first time i poop myself but it was my first real accident

