Almost wet myself in the car

Author: Girlwhowaited

*000*2018-02-07 17:30

So it seems like I have a lot of car desperation. I hate having to pee and being trapped in a car, especially when I'm driving, but it also seems to be the only time I get truly desperate.

So the other day, I went to the mall with a friend. When I got there, I was both hungry and thirsty so I decided to just get a smoothie as that would take care of both of my problems. I got a large smoothie and finished it pretty quickly, while continuing to window shop with my friend. We were there for probably two hours. Smoothies usually burn through me pretty fast, which is why I usually only get a small. So by the time we left, I was definitely feeling the need to go. I stopped by the restroom before we left.

Now I live about 15 minutes away from the mall, so it usually wouldn't be a concern, but my friend lives 30 minutes away and I had to take her home first. The first leg of the trip went smoothly. It wasn't until I had left my friend's house that I started to feel the need to go again. It wasn't too intense at first, probably a 6/10, but it grew super fast. And I kept hitting pockets of traffic.

In the next 10 minutes, I jumped to an 8/10. This is when I started to worry. I still had 20 minutes left of my trip, 30 in current traffic. My foot was starting to bounce desperately and I was having a difficult time focusing on the task at hand, driving. Not good. I was starting to think of ways to relieve myself. I didn't have any cups in my car, and even if I did, there was no way I could maneuver myself to take a leak in one while driving. I considered pulling off my jacket, placing it under me, and pissing on it, but I didn't want to walk in with a pee sodden jacket while my partner was home. I also considered pulling down my pants just enough that they wouldn't get wet and peeing on the seat, but I didn't want my car to smell like pee. I decided that all I could do was hope I could hold on.

Another 10 minutes and I was at a 9. Traffic started moving again, and I was catching up to speed, I hit a bump a little too hard. It forced a leak out of me. I reached a hand down and squeezed, both with my muscles, and with my hand, as hard as I could. I was wearing these almost see through underwear that I knew could not withstand a leak. My hand felt slightly damp by the time I managed to regain control.

Imade it almost the rest of the way home without further incidents. However, by the time I got off the freeway, I was at a 9.5. it was all I could do to squeeze my muscles and pray I'd make it home mostly dry. But I'm all too familiar with that "close to relief" thing where you somehow become even more desperate when you know you're almost home. Well, that became the better of me. There's this stop sign right before my street where you have to wait for cross traffic. And there was a lot of cross traffic that day. I waited there for probably about 5 minutes, the whole time feeling a slow leak trickle out of my urethra.

When I finally made it home, getting out of my car was probably the most difficult part so far. I kind of didn't think I was actually going to be able to do it without losing control. I did though, and every step I took after that felt like it was going to be the end. Like it was going to trigger an explosive release of urine trickling down my legs. I live on the second floor of an apartment building, too, and as I was waddling up the steps, my thighs clenched as tightly as possible, I started to leak again. I started to run for it, knowing my time was up. I fumbled with the lock, flew inside, pushed past my partner who tried to greet me, and finally found myself in the bathroom, pulling my pants down just in time.

With further inspection, the damage wasn't actually as bad as I thought. I had probably a soft ball sized spot on my pants and the front of my underwear was a little more see through than usual.

Well, there you guys go. I hope you enjoyed. By the way, do you think I should do a descriptive section at the beginning of each story? I know a lot of people do that. I've never been much into it, but I know some people are, so what do you think?

*007*2018-02-08 13:47

{{20 hours ago, AudreyLovesPee said:

Wow great story. I think its perfect the way you wrote it. I would only add stuff if you want to. If you dont want to add it, then you wont enjoy writing it.

}}

Thank you for the feedback!

*019*2018-02-28 14:24

Thank you guys for all your feedback! I really appreciate it

