A planned deliberate wetting gone awry!

Author: Guest kc_rules

*000*2016-01-19 01:54

It had been a long time since I last embarked on some omorashi fun and I thought today (with me having the day off work) would be the perfect opportunity to get back into the scene so to speak. I had everything carefully planned out. I'd have breakfast and lunch at home whilst catching up on some Netflix shows I'd not watched in a while, all the time carefully filling my bladder with lots of water and tea with no bathroom breaks. My plan was then to go out and do some food shopping, stopping off for a large coffee in town so by the time I'd get back to my apartment I would be just about to lose control, head back inside and then desperately relieve myself in my jeans.

However, the best laid plans of mice and men often go wrong as I found out to my devastating cost today. I'd got to the stage where I had finished shopping and was relaxing with a large coffee and an enthralling book at a coffee shop when I realised I was absolutely desperate for a piss and I'd have to finish my coffee incredibly quickly and pretty much sprint back the 20 minutes to my apartment. Easier said than done with 2 large bags of shopping...

I was making good progress but my bladder's progress was getting very close to the point of no control and I was worried that I might let out a few spurts of pee into my light blue jeans; if only that was to be the case. I made it back to my apartment block but as fate would have it, the lifts were out of order. Of all the rotten luck, especially as I'm on the seventh floor.

I gingerly started to make my way up the stairs, grabbing my crotch constantly to prevent my aching bladder from releasing a torrent of piss into my pants. Ever so slowly I made it upwards, constantly shuffling my bags of shopping into one hand so my other was free to squeeze my aching cock from betraying me.

I had just reached the seventh floor with my bags of shopping in my left hand with my right squeezing my crotch for all it was worth. Then I realised the dilemma, I was somehow going to have to open the main doors to the corridor and then extract my keys from my pocket without my right hand moving from the wedged position it had found itself in.

At this point I was resigned to losing a few seconds worth of piss into my pants before I got to the safety of my apartment but I figured that as it was still before people usually returned from work I would be safe. Yet again I was to be proven disastrously wrong.

As I made it through into the hallway and I reached into my pocket to grab my keys I began to lose total control of myself and my aching, tired bladder unleashed a river of piss into my boxer shorts and soaked my jeans. This wouldn't have been too bad, in fact the relief was incredible and the warmth surging down my legs gave me a feeling of pure contentment. However at the same time, my neighbour from two doors down chose that moment to leave her apartment and witnessed my accident in full flow.

The embarrassment I began to feel as my cheeks flushed red whilst she gaped open mouth in astonishment hindered my progress unlocking my own door. By the time I staggered inside with my shopping I was completely empty and absolutely saturated in my own piss. I couldn't believe it. I wanted to have an "accident" but not in front of someone else. How could I ever live it down? I threw my bags onto the kitchen table and sat down on the couch loudly squelching as I did so.

I must have been sitting there for about 15 minutes still unable to come to terms with what I'd allowed myself to happen when I felt the urge to piss again. I sat there in my pee drenched clothes and re-wet myself, my piss loudly hissing through the sofa and on to the laminate flooring. In all honesty I found the situation incredibly arousing and I reached through my sopping jeans and quickly pulled myself off to orgasm. God, the feeling was glorious, but then the shame returned. I squelched my way into the shower to clean up, put my shopping away, cleaned up the floor and sofa as much as I could and then vegged down in front of the TV in an attempt to forget about everything.

So, yes I absolutely drenched my jeans in a desperate relieving wetting as I had planned but with the added side effect of being spotted by my neighbour. I don't know how I can ever look her in the eye again (or anyone of my floor for that matter, as she'll surely tell everyone about it.)

