Almost made it after a few drinks

Author: Guest alynthi123

*000*2023-07-06 13:03

So, for context, I’m a 20 year old girl I’ve been into omo for a while now but this is the first thing I’ve ever posted. This is also my first ever accidental omo experience so I’m sorry if it isn’t very well written!

So, it was a Monday and me and my friends (both 20F) decided to meet up in the city we go to uni in since we still had our flat but we’d mostly been living at home since uni finished for the summer. We were all wearing casual clothes, (I was wearing blue jeans and a crop top). We just went around some shops when one of my friends said she needed to go home, leaving just me and my other friend. We decided it would be fun to have a few drinks before getting the last train home so we went back to the flat and used up some left over alcohol and had some drinks while we decided which bar we wanted to go to.

Now, as I said, this is my first ever accidental omo experience so normally I have quite a strong bladder, but after I’ve ‘broken the seal’ that definitely isn’t the case, which I did. I went to go pee after my first drink and I’m not even joking when I say I came and sat back in the kitchen and immediately needed to pee again. It was no big deal at this point, my room is right next to the kitchen so I can just go whenever. Anyway, after about an hour of drinking in the kitchen, we decided to go to a bar nearby.

As we were walking I was hit with a sudden need to pee, no warning, just sudden desperation. We got to this bar, and realised it was completely dead, so my friend said maybe we should go somewhere else. I was stood with my legs slightly crossed, trying to be discreet and asked if we could just use the loos in here and go somewhere else after which she agreed to. So we went up the stairs to the toilets and i rushed in and had to furiously cross my legs and jump up and down to try and unbutton my jeans without leaking, which I managed thankfully.

The rest of the evening went fine, I didn’t need to pee at all, even going with my friend to the toilets and not going myself which I now know was my big mistake. We left the bars and started walking home when my friend said she really needed to pee again, I didn’t at this point so I just told her it would be fine and we’d be home soon. A few moments later, I was hit with a sudden desperation, again with no warning, and told my friend I needed to go badly now too. She suggested going in the street but I said no as it was only around 10pm and was still pretty light so we’d be seen. We carried on walking and I could tell she needed to go because she kept mentioning it as we walked, I could also tell that I needed to go much worse than her by now, I kept having to stop any time she said anything funny to cross my legs and grab myself, she started to run at one point but I couldn’t because I knew I’d piss myself in the street.

We finally made it back to our building, I stood with my legs crossed while she unlocked the door and tried to walk as normally as possible behind her. We then came to the lift which made me die a little bit inside. We’re on the 7th floor. We got in and pressed our floor and we both stood in the lift with our legs tightly crossed. I knew if I even slightly moved I’d piss myself, I couldn’t even bring myself to speak I just silently prayed I’d make it. We came to our floor and my friend ran out, I followed behind, waddling with my legs still crossed. She opened the door and ran to her room. I ran behind her, slightly running at a funny angle as I tried to keep pressure on my crotch to stop me peeing.

I said before that my room is closest to the kitchen, which also makes it furthest from the front door. I ran down the corridor and flung open my door and didn’t even let it close before I flung open my bathroom door. The sight of the toilet made my bladder give up. I grabbed myself tightly as I tried to unbutton my jeans and I got them down just over my bum before I was full-force peeing into them. I scrambled to get the toilet lid up and pulled my jeans down, still pissing this entire time, covering my jeans, and the floor in pee, before I finally sat on the toilet.

After I’d finished i pulled up my jeans, my panties were absolutely drenched and I could feel a wetness in the crotch of my jeans but when I looked down I couldn’t see anything, so I thought great! I didn’t pee as much as I thought and it isn’t noticeable at all! That is until I looked in the mirror at the back of my jeans, my entire bum was covered in a huge wet patch and the bottom of my jeans were also very wet, I don’t have many clothes at my flat as I’ve moved them all home so I couldn’t change. I just put on a jumper and pulled it down, hoping it would cover the worst of my accident. I also made an effort to walk behind my friend so she wouldn’t notice anything. So then I walked to the station and spent an entire train ride with piss soaked jeans, I’m sure at this point my jumper was wet too as I’d been sitting with it pulled down over my bum. The walk home was very embarrassing, I still don’t know if my friend noticed but I hope she didn’t!

