The Quest to Escape Omorashi - Log #1

Author: Guest Starburstslala

*000*2021-08-18 20:38

The Quest to Escape Omorashi - Log #1

So today I did an omorashi dare and lost (not the same dare I am about to log), and since the rules of the game are you have to keep playing till you win, I have to play another time. My dare was to pee in a maxi skirt, but apparently I didn't know a maxi skirt was full a length skirt until after I wet the mini skirt I was wearing, thus, failing that weird challenge. So I have to keep going… here is the new dare.

THE MISERY GAME

RULES:

I can only use the bathroom today at 3pm, 7pm, and 12pm. I have to drink a glass of water every hour.

If I pee in the toilet and give up, then I have to hold my next pee as long as I can until I pee myself. I must be in very tight pants when I do so and wear them and the wet panties until they are completely, 100% dry. Even if I have to pee again later with them on, I can't take them off until they are completely dry. So if I have to pee again and they aren't dry, I must wet myself again and it starts over.

If I pee while in/taking a shower, I must wet the bed consciously as soon as I get in, and then sleep like that all night.

If I tinkle in/taking a shower, I must pee in two pairs of underwear, put a third, dry pair over them, and then wear them both to bed.

If I pee a lot in/taking a shower, but can stop it before I pee all of it, then I must wet my pants and wear them to bed.

I only have three minutes to use the bathroom, so from XX:00-XX:03 is all I get. If I miss the time, then I have to wait till the next pee slot to go. If I pee either in the toilet or my pants during or after that time, I am out.

If I don't drink all of my water/beverage by the time the hour is up, I must hold my pee until I can't anymore and I wet myself. Then I wear three pairs of wet underwear.

If I tinkle myself a total of three times, I lose and must pee myself in the bathtub, and then wear my wet panties for the rest of the day, unable to change them till tomorrow morning.

If I drain a lot of pee but am able to stop it before it finishes, I must hold my pee until I pee myself again. I can't change my underwear, but I can change my pants.

If I pee with my underwear or pants on, but in the toilet, I must continue to pee in them until tomorrow morning. O can change my pants if I went in them.. However, I must also wear two dry pairs of underwear over it as well. I have to tinkle in them every fifteen minutes, as well. Then the next morning, I must pee my pants, but NOT on the toilet, ON THE FLOOR. Then change all my clothes except the pair of underwear on top of the other two. Then I wear those all day, with one new pair of dry undies over them. I can pee in the toilet freely. However, if the panties start to dry off, then I must pee in them again. I continue this until the morning after tomorrow, where I can completely change clothes.

If I fail and pee myself before the time or even during, I will have to wear the wet underwear until tomorrow. Then, first thing tomorrow morning, I must pee in the toilet with my pants on, and then can't take them off for the rest of the day, so I have to keep peeing in them.

If I win this game, then I can finally quit omorashi dares for good.

If I lose, I must find another dare to play. Again.

Log

Pee Slot: 3:00 o'clock

Time: 2:49PM

Actually, not doing that bad. I have to go nearly medium but I can definitely hold it for 11 minutes. This isn't so hard B) Freedom from omorashi, here I come! My one problem is that I haven't finished my coke yet, but I'll just chug it.

Time: 2:57PM

Ahh… so um, struggling a little more than I thought. Kinda ready for 3:00 o'clock at this point. TIME IS MOVING SO SLOWLY.

Pee Slot: 6:00 o'clock

Time: 3:02PM

Okay, just used the toilet, feeling much better. I am going to wait to start drinking my water just yet though, cuz I don't want to rush this and spoil it. It's all about timing and stuff. I have to drink three full sized glasses of water, plus anything else that I want, over the next three hours, or I am stuck with those terrible punishments up there… Gosh I hope I can do this!

Time: 3:27PM

Oh boy. I dooon't know if I can make it to 6 o'clock. I can already feel it coming on… I don't officially have to go yet, but I can tell I will soon. Oh pleaassseee no… I have to be able to win!!! And I haven't even drunk all my water yet… oh gosh…

Time: 3:45PM

Well, folks, I already have to pee. This isn't going well. It's not super urgent, I can definitely hold it butttttt… at this point I just try to stick it out. Two hours and fifteen minutes left until I am allowed to pee. Just great. I can say with confidence that I won't make it I am going to look over the punishments and see which one is the best, just in case. Haha I think what messed me up is that I didn't pee out everything last time I went, so now it's kinda overlapping. Haha 🥲🥲

Time: 4:00PM

Nnnghh… okay, I've gotta go medium level now. I have such a weak bladder. I drank all my water for the hour, so I am still in it, but whooo… I want relief. I need to figure out a way to take my mind off of this. Ngghh… two hours left… two glasses of water left… HELP…!

Time: 4:08

ACK!! I GOTTA GO SO BAD!!! AHHH!!! I SHOULD HAVE MADE THIS LIKE EVERY HOUR OR SOMETHING HOLY CRAP I AM WAY IN OVER MY HEAD!!! AT THIS RATE, I'LL NEVER ESCAPE OMORASHI!!!! AGGGHCKC!!! I HAVE TINKLED ALREADYYYY!!!!

Time: 4:14PM

OOOOOHHH MAAANNN I am pacing around in the bathroom, I have already tinkled twice. I am contemplating between just peeing myself or peeing myself in the toilet… I AM IN SUCH PAIN HELP!!! (MY UNDIES ARE WETT DANGGIT)

Time: 4:22PM

I lost... I am very embarrassed to say I failed the challenge this early. Frick. I peed in the toilet in my underwear, so hidden underneath two dry pairs of undies is the fresh sopping wet ones. I'm surprised I don't smell. But I'm thankful. Darn it... Now I gotta be wet for like two days and keep tinkling in them... CAN'T WAIT to be trapped in omorashi again lol

So that concludes it everyone. If no one comments a new dare for me to do, I will create my own, again. But you can suggest one if you want! (Nothing lewd or including me leaving my house. It has to be private, teen friendly and remote.) Also, feel free to try this yourself if you want! It's very hard, lemme tell ya.

Till next time, the quest to escape omorashi continues!

Whether it be I have to wet my pants a thousand times, or hold it until I burst, I WILL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES TO ESCAPE THE OMORASHI DARES!

Obliviboi, out!

