Trolley mishap

Author: Guest DiaperedSky

*000*2017-03-25 09:36

((This is my very 1st time relaying this event, or any events really.))

So, about a year ago, I worked night shift at a fancy hotel, in San Diego. Despite the cleanliness, I always had trouble using the bathrooms. Ever since I was a small child, public restrooms were scary. So naturally I'd wait till I got home. Well, this particular day I got called in 4 hours earlier. Given that ComicCon was in session, my presence was urgent. During my mad dash, I forgot that taking a morning pee was a thing. Which from my younger days, had always proven disastrous. Anyways getting off topic a bit. I swung by starbuck's to grab my usual (( venti dirty chaí with 4 shots of espresso. Haha, looking back I was just asking for what happened in later events.)) Fast forward about 20 minutes, I found myself, trying not to argue with a customer, whom refused to accept we were completely booked. That is when it hit me, I hadn't peed before I left the house.

By this time I had already downed my coffee, and working on break room coffee ((rocket fuel)). Fast forward to the last 30 mins of my shift. I retreated to my tiny lil office. I made the smart decisions of saving my lunch time till the end, so I cold hold myself without anyone noticing. By this point my pants ((black skinnies)) were bursting to come off. Slowly grinding on my hand to distract myself, I counted the seconds till my lunch/shift was over. Time seemed to move slower. My hands started to wonder a lil. Which prompted my imagination to blink to life. My mind pictured a nice padded diaper hugging against my swollen lips, caused me to lose some of my control. I felt warmth flow into my undies. Quickly I stopped the flow by shoving my finger over my urethra.

Immediately my muscles began to tense again gaining control. Cautiously I removed my finger. Freaking out slightly I assessed the damage, there was only about a dime sized wet patch on my bottom. Usually I wear a sweater around my waist ((never know when you'll get cold)) so I wasn't to worried. Shortly after I heard a knock, which made me jump putting more pressure on my poor bladder. Clearing my throat I turn around. Thank Bob, it was morning shift, then I turn back around. During all that commotion time whizzed by ((haha see what I did there?...)) which ment I needed to clock out asap. I hardly remember what my coworker said to me, something about traffic. I was pretty much in a daze at that point. Slowly I made my way outside, to find the sidewalks are packed with humans. Normally I'd be excited by all the cosplay beings around me, but my bladder was screaming at me.

I was a block away from the trolley. I started to seriously doubt my ability to make it home ((It took about 15 mins to get to my tiny studio)) shaking away the though. My feet shuffled there way to the curb. I then doubled over feeling a tiny squirt escape into my underwear (( I honestly couldn't believe it was actually happening, a big part thought I was sleeping still)) gaining my composure again I decided to pick up my pace. Weaving in and out of people every couple of steps I felt a dribble escape me.

At this point I was at the verge of crying. Finally making it to the trolley station thanking the trolley silently for arriving at the same time. As the doors opened I grimaced at how packed it was. Slowly I slid inbetween people ((that very second I was happy about being a pretty small person)). Then the trolley started moving, causing the person right next to me to bump straight into me. I let out a squeak which caused about 5 people to look in my genral direction. That very moment is when I felt my heart hit my knees. I lost all control, quickly I shoved my hands in between my legs. I tried to stop the flow. It was to late. My pee cascade out with the force of a fire hydrant. That once small spot was now expanding at a rapid rate. Pee began to trickle down my legs and into my shoes, a puddle the a stream began to form.

My pee taveled down the trolley getting on everyone's shoes in a 30feet radius. I began to cry it felt so good but at the same time I felt so ashamed. Everyone moved away the best they could. Which was about an inch from their original possition. The poor person in front of me became a victim of my pee in the process of it all. His very flashy suit now had a very wet spot on his leg. I then was sobbing and saying sorry a million times. The gentleman was surprisingly nice too off his coat and handed it to me. Then very loudly said "your about the same age as my daughter she's a wet one to" ((honestly to this day I'm not sure if that dude bumbed into me on purpose or not. But I do thank him I felt so embarrassed, I'm not so into public wetting,)) At that point the trolley doors opened, and I squeezed my way out, and ran home.

