Almost Accident at Hairdressers

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-03-11 16:34

This afternoon I had a very close call at the hairdressers and I thought I would share with you guys. I don’t usually do much with my hair on a day to day basis, it usually just gets brushed or put in a ponytail if I go out to work or go shopping. I only ever do my hair nice if we are going out somewhere special. The only other time my hair is done nice is after I get it cut and the hairdresser styles it for me. The last couple of days I have kept thinking my hair could do with cutting as it was getting long and quite thick so I decided this morning as I had nothing to do today I would go get it cut. Alice said she would come with me as her hair was getting the same way.

We chilled out this morning until about 11 o’clock and then we headed down into town to meet Matty and get some lunch. We went to our favourite coffee house and had some lunch and were there for just over an hour. I had a cup of coffee with my lunch and then got another one whilst we were sat chatting. When we finally left Matty headed back to work and Alice and I wandered around town working our way towards the hairdressers we usually go to. When we walked in we sat down and picked up some magazines to flick through whilst we waited. There were three people sat waiting before us but there were two girls working so it wouldn’t take too long. One by one the people were called up until there were only me and Alice left waiting. About half an hour had passed since we arrived and just as I was going to pick up another magazine one of the girls appeared and said she was ready. Me and Alice looked at each other and she said I could go first.

As I stood up I felt a jolt in my bladder and I realised she was getting quite full. The two cups of coffee and the cups of tea I had consumed during the morning were taking effect. I walked over to the sink where she was standing and sat down. I leaned back into the sink and she turned the shower head on. The sound of the water made my bladder jump and I realised I was more desperate than I first thought. I was around 4 when I sat down but the sound of the water and moving around had pushed me up to 6. She washed my hair and then led me over to the chair. She put the gown on me and asked what I wanted. I told her and as she was getting her tools together I saw Alice in the mirror sitting down at the sink. She started doing her thing on my hair and we began chatting. As she worked my bladder continued to fill and I was trying to squirm or fidget because I knew if I did she would just ask me to sit still.

After 10 minutes the coffee was really taking effect on my bladder and I was busting for a pee. Unable to squirm I could only bounce my legs. This helped a little but not enough to ease the pressure I was feeling between my legs. I continued chatting trying to remain composed and not show I really needed to pee. By now Alice had been brought over to the chair next to mine and she had joined in the conversation which was good as it was more distraction. 

As time passed the pressure continued to grow until I had no choice but to push my hand up my skirt and press between my legs. Had I been able to squirm I would have been okay but this was the only way I could help ease the pressure on my pee hole. Luckily I had the gown covering me so nobody could see what I was doing. Despite doing this my desperation continued to grow quite quickly and after another ten minutes had passed I was full to bursting and almost wetting myself. I was a solid 9 and rising to 10 and getting dangerously close to having an accident where I was sitting.

I just sat there urging her to hurry up. After a few minutes of doing this she put her scissors and comb down and asked if it looked okay. I looked in the mirror and admired her work. She had done a good job and I thanked her. She walked over and grabbed the hair dryer and began drying my hair. My legs were bouncing like crazy as I fought desperately to keep my knickers dry just a little longer. Waves of desperation were washing over me and suddenly I felt pee shooting down towards my pee hole. I clamped my hand tightly against my pussy to stop it but I felt a drip dampen my knickers. 

Luckily I don’t feel embarrassed about wetting in public, it's a major turn on. I just didn’t want to wet myself right there in the hairdressers leaving them a mess to clean up. Even though I didn’t want that i was getting really close to doing just that. Now that the drips had started I was unable to stop them. My fingers were pushed against my pee hole, rubbing to ease the pressure but every so often I felt wetness on them as my pee slowly escaped into my knickers. I lost count of the number of drips that I had lost, I was just thankful they weren’t leaks.

I was brought back to reality by her taking the rubber neck protector off me. I suddenly realised she was about to take the gown off me and I had to take my hands out from under my skirt, otherwise it would look kind of weird, like I was masturbating or something. I clenched my muscles tight and took my hand away. A few drips escaped but nothing major and I was thankful I was able to keep control. I quickly flattened my skirt down as she pulled the gown off and walked over to the counter. I stood up making sure to keep control of my pee hole that was now threatening to explode everywhere. The sudden effect of gravity took hold and a leak escaped and soaked my knickers.

I almost gasped out loud but managed to stop myself. I quickly checked the chair for any wetness but luckily it had all been soaked up by my knickers. I walked over to the counter where the girl was stood and told her I was paying for me and Alice and handed her my bank card. She handed me the pin machine and as I stood putting my pin in I stood bouncing my legs as a couple more leaks escaped. I took my card out and put it in my bag and quickly turned to Alice and told her I was popping to the newsagents and would be back in a few minutes. She acknowledged what I said and I walked quickly towards the door. That was a bad move as the sudden speed made me leak like crazy.

I walked out into the street and quickly looked around. Just down the street there is an alleyway that goes to the back of the shops where they put their rubbish. I quickly crossed the road and dashed over to it. As I walked into the alley my bladder knew I was getting ready to relieve myself and started spurting into my knickers. I couldn’t wait any longer and by the time I got round the corner to where the bins where I was completely flooding my knickers and had pee streaming down my legs. I didn’t even try to remove my knickers or squat.

I just stood there sighing in relief as the torrent splashed all over the floor. I was thankful I had decided to wear a skirt instead of leggings or jeans. It seemed to go on and on and eventually when my bladder was empty I let out a long happy sigh. I stood for a moment enjoying the feeling before going in my bag and grabbing a couple of tissues. I wiped down my legs to remove the droplets of pee slowly running down them and then headed back down the alley onto the street. As I walked along I could the wetness in my shoes and I found myself getting turned on.

As I got back to the hairdressers Alice was just having her hair dried so I walked over and waited for her. I didn’t want to sit down incase I left a wet ass mark on the leather seats. When she finished she stood up and put her coat on and thanked the girl. We walked out of the shop and I asked if she needed anything else in town, if not we would go the supermarket and get some stuff then head home. 

She looked around and then said “the only thing I need right now is a wee”. I looked at her and she said “too much coffee earlier….I’m about to wet myself”. I giggled and she looked at me and said “I’m surprised you don’t have to go too”. I smiled and told her what I just did and put her hand on the front of my skirt so she could feel the wetness. She smiled and then crossed her legs and gasped saying “oh god that isn’t helping”. She said she would go at the supermarket so we went and got in the car and drove off. Our town has a one way system so you have to go in a big circle and all the while she was holding herself and moaning at me to hurry up.

When we got to the supermarket we parked the car and then she quickly walked inside. We walked towards the cafe and to where the toilets were. She pushed opened the door and dashed towards a cubicle whilst moaning and making such sexy sounds. I quickly followed her in and grabbed her hands just as she we about to pull down her knickers. She danced on the spot and I winked at her and told her I wanted to watch her wet herself. She winked at me and I stood back and watched her dancing in desperation. 

I watched as her knickers slowly got wet as she leaked and spurted. Standing next to the toilet must have been torture and after a couple of minutes she let out a loud gasp and there was a loud hissing sound. Pee came pouring out of her knickers and she quickly sat down and let out a long sigh of relief. She pee’d for well over a minute and when she finally emptied she smiled happily. She stood up and showed me her wet knickers before flattening her skirt down. We walked out and went to grab our shopping. All the while my wet knickers turned me on like crazy and knowing Alice’s were exactly the same made it even worse. Needless to say we had lots of fun when we got home.

*004*2016-03-12 19:15

Hehe, you can't deny that you love it

