First genuine bedwetting!! (male)

Author: Guest DarthBane93

*000*2018-09-03 01:47

Hey guys! Long time lurker and appreciator of these forums. Never been much of a commenter though, and this will be my first post on here! I'm still kind of in shock it actually happened. A few days ago I wet the bed in my sleep as a 25 year old adult! Probably been at least 20 years since that's happened accidentally ? Thank goodness for mattress protectors lol. The experience turned me on so much I felt compelled to share; honestly I'm getting turned on again thinking about it lol. I thought for the longest time I only enjoyed this fetish on the opposite sex, but now I realize kind of appreciate it my personal exploration of it. Bedwettings in particular have always been my absolute favorite to watch and read other's experiences. I've tried so hard to make myself wet the bed in the past but I've never been able to, my body always wakes me up without fail and I'm usually such a light sleeper. And it's just not the same once you're already awake imo.

So to preface it the day wasn't really too out of the ordinary for me, though I suppose I have been under a lot of stress recently. I usually sleep in just my boxers or gym shorts. Sometimes a shirt in the colder months. I remember starting to get tired in bed and thinking I could kind of go to the bathroom, but I was feeling so comfortable and lazy that I just went meh it's not like I'm at any risk anyways.

I remember still not really being awake but starting to gain slight awareness that I was really warm and comfortable in my private regions. Next thing I know I start hearing a hissing sound as pee starts trickling and building around me at full stream. This finally wakes me up. Still in a really groggy confused daze I was like no way, I know what it feels and sounds like but there's no way.... OH SHIT! I actually just wet the bed. A grown ass 25 year old. I was sooooo turned on though. It felt so wet and so warm and just so naughty and right. I just start rolling around every which way in and it. Soaking in the moment quite literally.

The warmth felt so blissful. After that I pleasured myself and thought fuck it let me see if I can fall back asleep. Took some effort but I managed. Woke up the next morning and wet again just for good measure, I mean I'd already wet it once right? It hasn't happened again since then so I'm going to assume it was just a one off. Oh well probably for the best I suppose. I should have taken aftermath pictures. Maybe if there's a next time though ? Or if I wake up feeling omorashi horny enough. Having to do laundry is always so bleh though. Anyways that was my experience, sharing like this is totally outside of my normal comfort zone lol, so to the shadows of lurking I return. Thanks for reading along!

