Wetting walking home the 2nd time

Author: Guest Amaya

*000*2020-09-21 06:18

This final story happened about 5 years ago. I used to walk to and from work because I didn’t have a car. It was about an hour on foot one way. Each day I would drink a large coffee with espresso when I arrived. Before I would leave I would use the bathroom and then take a coffee to go and drink it on my walk back. This particular day that routine did not agree with my bladder. I was a quarter of the way home when I felt a building pressure down low, I thought to myself screw it Ill just find a place to go...I think. The few spots of any business had out of order bathrooms or were closed. About halfway there was a park but the bathroom had literal crap all over the place so I passed. I couldn’t find shrubs or trees to go behind because this park had a good amount of foot traffic.

I decided that I would just have to muscle through this and get back. This was the halfway point and oh my gosh when I say it was becoming unbearable it really was. At the three-fourths part I thought I was home free and could make it. Now, I know omo is my kink but I wanted to do that in the privacy of my own apartment and not risk being caught publicly. Plus, I just wasn’t balsey enough to wet myself publicly. I remember thinking I was good until I turned the corner where I was and realized that I had a bit more left to walk. I physically could no longer hold it and pissed everywhere. Good god it felt beyond amazing. The relief and the warmth. Luckily, nobody was around me besides a few cars driving by not paying attention and my jeans were dark. I finished walking in my wet clothes tired but relieved and really...it felt pretty good being out and unnoticed completely wet. The breeze was beautiful that day too.

