I *FINALLY* wet my pants!

Author: Guest WaitNSee

*000*2021-05-17 19:19

I'm new to the site but not to omo. I've been doing holds since I was 18, and I'm 26 now. But I have never full-on involuntarily wet my pants. Early on I would get desperate and then wet my pants voluntarily because I liked the feeling. And for the past year or so I've been doing Milovana challenges. Those can make me "wet" myself, but only on the challenges where I have to lay on my stomach, or do sit-ups, or press my bladder into the edge of the counter. And with those, the wetting stopped as soon as the pressure let up.

Well today, I finished my finals and decided to do a hold to celebrate. I put on grey skinny jeans, and I drank a cup of coffee, a glass of water, and a large Baja Blast, and waited an hour. When I was at about 7/10 I started the Milovana challenge called "Extreme pee desperation challenge" and expected I would eventually be forced to wet with pressure.

Things went as expected for a while with drinking water, sitting with my knees up to my chest, sitting on the toilet, etc. I got more and more desperate, and then frantic. My bladder was spasming and trying to let just a little bit out. I couldn't sit or stand still and if I took my hands away from holding myself I felt like I was going to lose it. I was sweating so bad I had to put my hair up because I felt too hot. Eventually I had my first leak, and figured I would soon get a challenge that would end things for me. Well, I was challenged to sit with my knees up to my chest. I put a towel down because I thought that was going to make me lose it, and completed the challenge without a leak! I was so surprised! The next challenge was to stand up and stand still without holding myself or squirming. I didn't think that would be too hard because I had never wet myself from that before – leaked, sure, but never wet.

I stood up on the towel and leaked. But it wasn't like any leak I had experienced before. It was BIG and showed through my pants immediately and instead of feeling like the pee spurted out of me it felt like it was just flowing. I figured it was a one-off and regained control, only for it to happen again within seconds. At this point I suspected I was about to wet myself. Given how heavy and full my bladder felt, I knew the towel couldn't soak it all up, and I didn't want to do a full wetting on hardwood floors, so I ran as fast as I could to the bathroom, leaking all the way. I jumped into the tub and tried to regain control because I truly did want a genuine wetting – and couldn't! The huge leaks kept coming and turned into a stream. By the time I was able to regain control there was barely anything left in my bladder and my pants were wet down to the ankles.

So now I know how it feels to genuinely, completely, and involuntarily wet my pants. I'm thrilled! The only disappointment was that it happened so fast and unexpectedly I couldn't take a video.

