First time posting, very nervous

Author: Guest

*000*2024-04-11 23:38

I have never written about my experiences, or honestly tried something so intense. I tend to like morning sex when I have a boyfriend because I like waking up and fucking with a full bladder, but that hasn't been the case in a bit. Often I like the idea of holding and predicaments more than the reality. But I'm home alone for a while this evening, so I figured I'd set myself up for success. I don't know if this is the right place to post, but I couldn't get the live to work!

I'm a woman in my late 20s, highly professional and stubborn and in control at all times. I like the squirming and goal of holding it all in and getting turned on. Not into anything except holding. I've never had an accident in a holding session before. I don't like wetting, so I can consider that a deterant. I would like to hold as long as possible, and make myself cum as many times as I can. So I think it's an admirable goal.

I've got some aids to help me along this time. I don't usually like holding when I'm not in the mood or trying to do other things, so I'm working from home and trying the rapid desperation method. I started about 11 AM. I'm not being super scientific about it, but it's about a 16 ounce water bottle ever 1.5 hours. I had a coke with lunch.

Things will get interesting this afternoon. I'm going to try a caffeine pill, which almost never have caffeine so even if it doesn't up how much and fast my bladder fills, it still should be a fun experience! (How do coffee drinkers do it? I'll never know). That's 200 mg I'll take around 3 pm. I'm going to have a sports drink to balance some electrolytes and a cider. I'm not a big drinker so it should hit hard. I am also going to take some edibles, not really for the bladder part. It just makes me horny but also prolongs my orgasms. I firgure it could just be fun.

I am into bondage and restraint, but not pain so much. I might try some nipple clamps though just to see how it goes. I'll probably be nude or wearing old underwear.

I decided this and started drinking around 11. I'm on the treadmill while working but someone already hot and bothered? I'm sweating a little. I think it's because I'm nervous. I'm jittery and shaky. I'm crazy wet from the anticipation, but not touching myself, which is pretty torturous. Its to the point where I put a panty liner in my underwear because it was too wet and I can't hang. Maybe I should get an egg vibrator and try to edge during these. I'm doing training for my job online and reading up on the rapid desperation method. Might revert to reading porn pretty quickly.

I'm 2 16 ounces of water and a 12 ounce of coke in and have peed twice in 3.5 hours. Way more than I normally would. And I'm still thirsty? How is that possible. My body must want it, between that and how sensitive my clit is. All puffy and tender to the touch.

Maybe one day I'll do my hands tied behind my back in a way that I can get out but it's hard, or a timer on a lock on my pants. Or I'll have someone dom me who won't let me go no matter how much I beg. I feel like I had a lock somewhere...

2:21 just put my finger into myself to see and holy God, I am wet. It's so hot down there. Good thing I have discipline and I'm on the clock and know it'll be better later but a depraved part of me wanted to give in. It's sensual and primal. Almost religious. I feel sincerely a little high on arousal. I downed another 8 ounces.

And the cat is on my lap. Not a part of the rapid desperation process. Might end up with an accidental mini hold.

2:47 had the cat get up because I was a 6/10 and I'm at work technically. Had the start of some twitchiness and twinges in my bladder. Peed for about 30 seconds. How am I still thirsty? Am I tricking myself into being thirsty? No way I don't get in over my head tonight.

3:00 last meeting. Only going to do 100 mg of caffeine since I'm not used to it. Maybe it'll get me to concentrate? I've gotten nothing done.

4:00 took 2/3 of a caffeine pill and got an electrolyte drink. It's gross, like cloyingly sweet, so def will have to wash it down with some water. It's crazy how you can do something momentously personal and private and no one will know. I found a singular zip tie, so I might try to make tonight more interesting. Although I won't be able to touch myself then, at least not for the first real hold.

4:30 I finished the electrolyte drink. Did not like it. 16 ounces.

5:00 just peed, another 25 seconds, 5/10 situation. Took the edible. Could have taken two but I wanted to be at least a little with it. It's a little easier to focus on work tasks now. Another 16 ounces down.

5:45 oh wow, starting to get a bit full? Who knows if it's the caffeine or rapid fill method but this is definitely going to fuck me up. Am I going to do the jeans? Should I try to get on the discord? I got too nervous about talking to people live so I decided on the forum and here we are.

6:15 another 16 ounces down. Hope I'm home alone soon. Almost out of work.

6:45 home alone! More stoned than anything. Starting that cider. I downed it. Never drank anything so fast.

6:54 last pee before hold. It was long already. I'm fucked. Pee is beyond clear. Just zip tied my pants. Jeans and underwear are too tight. How am I thirsty? I love the way water slides down when I'm high. Wow! I didn't realize it's already 96 oz or 2800 ml. I am alreadying downing the next water bottle. Trying to log into the forum but the authentication isn't working.

