Helping a shy, desperate girl get some relief

Author: Guest

*000*2023-07-13 17:54

I was a little hesitant to tell this story because I felt really bad for the girl, but i figured enough time has passed and it’s not like she’s gonna see this anyway. Plus, I think it’s a little wholesome.

The building that my business is located in has a Christmas party every year. All employees of the business in the building are invited. The building is not very big, so I know almost everyone that works there. A few years ago, I was at the party, drinking, having fun, when a girl came up to me looking very nervous. I’d never seen this girl before, so she must have been hired within the last few months. She was pretty short and skinny, and probably early to mid 20s. She was wearing grey sweatpants and a sweater with what I assume to be the name of the university she went to. Anyway, she pulled me aside and very shyly asked me a question.

“Um, so, the bathroom is being used right now and there’s a few people waiting, a-and, um, I really really can’t wait. I know you own *name of my business* s-so, can I use your bathroom?” She was so shy and desperate that it took her almost a minute just to ask that. She was so desperate that she was shaking; I could hear it in her voice. She looked very tensed up, and I could tell that she was trying to hide her urge as best as she could. I immediately felt bad for this poor girl, but the omo side of my brain also couldn’t believe I was seeing this.

I agreed to her request and led her to the bathroom at my office. We made some small talk along the way, but it took forever to get there because she kept having to stop to hold herself every few seconds.

“Who do you work for?”

“*business name*. I’m their new secretary, I was just hired a couple months ago.”

When we were halfway there, we had to stop for a good ten seconds so she could try and control her leaks. She was obviously failing. I could see a lot of wetness on her sweats already.

“Had too much to drink?”

As if she wasn’t blushing hard enough, she went tomato red and I could see a really cute half smile.

“Uh, y-yea, I mean, it’s my first time drinking alcohol, so I guess yea.”

“How many beers did you have?”

“One.”

“That’s it?”

“Y-yea.”

We finally reached the office and I began unlocking the door. She began trying to undo the knot on her sweatpants, but wasn’t very good at it. As bad as I felt for this poor girl, I couldn’t help but chuckle, and she got really embarrassed at that. I unlocked the door and guided her to the bathroom. She immediately bolted it, forgetting to close the door, giving me a front row seat to the show that was about to unfold. She danced in front of the toilet, frantically trying to untie her sweats.

I offered to help her, which she accepted. The knot wasn’t hard to untie at all, she was just so frantic and shaking that she couldn’t steady her hands enough to untie it. As soon as i untied it, she ripped her pants down before I could even announce that the knot was undone. She let out a very relieving sigh and seemed to be on the verge of tears of joy. It wasn’t until that she finished peeing that I noticed she was wearing a pull up. She inspected the very bad “damage” and removed her pull up, seemingly forgetting that I was still standing right there. She suddenly realized tried to cover up her bottom, but then she sighed and just stopped. It’s like she was thinking “fuck it, this guy has already seen a lot, there’s no point.”

I suddenly got an idea.

“You know, I have a spare pull up and some pants that you can use.”

“R-really?”

“Yea it’s in my car.”

She seemed very hesitant, but eventually agreed.

I gave her my hoodie so her bare ass wasn’t exposed to the cold update New York weather and any possible onlookers. I gave her the pull up and pants. They fit just fine.

“Uh, I have to ask, but why do you have these just sitting in your car.”

“My daughter, she uh, you know…kinda like you? If that makes any sense.”

“Oh, yea I get it.”

The night went on and she asked to use my bathroom a couple more times.

A week later, we were back at work and she came to my office in the middle of the day with a bag. It had the jeans I gave her and a replacement pull up. That was very thoughtful of her.

“Oh uh, you should probably know, I, uh…I peed in those pants on the drive back. I washed it and everything, but I just thought you should know.” I thanked her and she went back to work.

