Public after gym wetting

Author: Guest Jasminexo

*000*2022-03-27 14:00

Hey, a lot of people have been messaging me recently, and one thing that keeps coming up is asking about previous wetting experiences, so I thought I’d share another one with you all.

So it was pretty normal in terms of how my day went, wake up, do coursework, that sort of thing, typically I won’t actually drink very much in a day unless I set out to do a hold, and today was no exception, I had a cup of tea in the morning to wake me up as I did my coursework, and then later I was gonna head to the gym so I got dressed in my gym clothes before my online lecture, I was wearing a pair of black Nike Pro Leggings, a pair of white socks, a pair of Nike Airforce 1’s, a black sports bra with a grey hoodie over the top. I went through my lecture as normal and then headed to my kitchen to get some pre workout for the gym (basically a drink with a huge amount of caffeine in it which helps when lifting in the gym) and I grabbed my keys and headed out, and drank my pre workout along the way.

When I arrived at the front desk, I knew that the pre workout would make me thirsty, so I grabbed a bottle of water to drink if I needed throughout my workout, my gym session was about an hour and a half or so, and I was going to leave but I needed the toilet, so I headed to the gym toilet to realise it was locked, I wasn’t that desperate so I decided to wait a few minutes, but no one came out. Now I was pretty tired from everything, so I thought fuck it and walked out the gym.

The gym was built on an industrial estate, so there were a few nooks and crannies that you could go that you would be undetected, and so I walked over to one of them, leant backwards against a wall and let loose, it sprayed wildly out and soaked my panties and leggings and ran down my legs and into my socks, I finished quickly as I didn’t have that much inside of me, I definitely could have made it, but the feeling was annoying and I was tired so I felt it was justified.

Now you might think that it would be obvious I wet myself, however, the legging I was wearing (black nike pro leggings) don’t really show wetness at all, and also dry super quickly, so when I finished I just stood up, waited a couple seconds and then walked to my car. I then drove to a cafe and ordered myself a drink and then also went to the supermarket to do some shopping, all done in the leggings I’d just pissed in less than 20 minutes ago. Whole thing felt pretty nice, I sort of like doing wettings in clothes where you can’t really notice it and going into public with them on.

Bit of a short one I know, but I hope you enjoyed reading it either way xx

