Friend’s neighbor saw me peeing outside

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-05-12 09:59

A story from a past experience, I was around 19 or 20 and I remember it vividly. My friend and I had been on a several hour road trip to her family’s house, she was driving. I love to hold during long car rides, and she knew that and liked seeing me desperate, so I’d been drinking constantly and hadn’t peed the whole time. We were getting in at night and her family was gone until the next day, so my plan was to hold it all the way there and pee once we got to the house. That day I was wearing skinny jeans, black cotton panties, and a zip-up hoodie with nothing under it.

I was fine for a while. I could feel the seatbelt pressing on my filling bladder and I was bouncing my legs and squirming in my seat, but I could wait. We talked a bit and listened to the radio, usual road trip stuff. Time passed and it got to the point where I had to shove my hand between my legs to hold myself, but my friend was used to seeing me like this so I didn’t care.

We were still about 20 minutes away when I started feeling like I couldn’t hold it much longer, but we were on a busy highway and couldn’t stop, so I had to keep trying. I unbuttoned my jeans to relieve some pressure and jammed both hands against my crotch, squeezing my thighs together around them. Traffic was busy, and the little car was low to the ground compared to a lot of the bigger trucks around. The streetlights were bright, and I don’t know if anybody looked, but if they did they would have had a clear view down into the car of me holding myself and squirming.

I held on like that for a while, but I had to pee so bad. We were getting near the house now, only a few minutes left. I almost couldn’t take it anymore. I was so desperate that I couldn’t sit still, I was frantically bouncing and crossing my legs and grinding my pussy against my hands. My eyes were tearing up from the effort of holding back my bursting bladder. I barely even remembered my friend was there, all my concentration was on keeping myself from peeing in her car. All I could think was “don’t pee don’t pee don’t pee” on repeat, it was maybe the most desperate I’ve ever been.

As we turned onto her street I felt myself leak into my panties. It was just a tiny bit, but I knew I was about to burst any second, my hands were the only thing keeping all that pee inside me. I was so certain I wouldn’t make it that I started whimpering and apologizing, getting ready to just let go and wet myself all over the seat.

But then suddenly we were pulling into the driveway. I couldn’t even think anymore, as soon as the car was almost stopped I fumbled with handle, flung the door open, and jumped out. I yanked down my pants as fast as I could and dropped into a crouch. Instantly the floodgates opened. My pee hissed forcefully out of me in a strong stream that arced forward and splashed loudly on the pavement. The rush felt so good that I couldn’t help my sighing moans, I was lost in the bliss, I just kept peeing for what felt like forever.

As the huge puddle spread out from me, I gradually got more aware of my surroundings. I noticed some movement across the street. I was under a streetlight and couldn’t see very well, but I clearly saw the neighbor (a middle-aged man) get up from where he had been sitting on his porch and quietly go inside. It startled me and I felt myself blushing intensely, but I couldn’t stop peeing, I kept going until the last bit trickled out. Afterward I quickly pulled my pants back up and went to join my friend (she thought the whole thing was pretty funny). I felt bad for flashing this random man, I know he had a direct view of my pussy, but at the same time it was kind of exciting. If I hadn’t peed right then I would have completely soaked my jeans with him watching, I’m not sure which option was better. I don’t know if he ever said anything to anybody, and I never saw him after that, but I still get turned on thinking about peeing in front of him.

There was another time after that when I’m pretty sure my own neighbor saw me wetting myself, but I’ll save that story for later 😛

