Manuela has the strongest bladder I know

Author: Guest Peter-P

*000*2020-03-22 11:14

About my real experiences with women, who were able to hold their pee to extreme, I reported in my stories about it. And I am proud to mention the fact, that I did never mix my fantasy stories and my real experiences! A mix of both would have damaged the trust - and by this the option to follow into the story without the bad taste of probably just being fraud...

The longest and strongest holder in my life was Manuela, who was able to hold her pee for full 48 hrs with just one single pee at the 24 hrs mark.

Every normal person would have gone to the bathroom many times after drinking more than 2 litres and keeping it inside for 24 hrs.

I met her in a pub and she wanted sex. As I was the only guest in that moment, she asked me after just one beer.

The bad aspect of the later situation was, that she did not agree to use a condone, but after some more beer told me about sex with another guy, who fucked half of the city while sniffing cocaine...

So I definitely did not wanted unsafe sex with her, not even when I saw and experienced her 2x24 hrs hold. We kissed a lot and I did all to hold her aroused except penetrating her...

But when I met her again in another pub, she tried to challenge guys to compete sit-ups with her, while she obviously suffered on a bursting bladder after lots of beer.

When she became very quiet and at the end stood up with the words: "It doesn't help..!", I asked her, if she really would use a filthy pub bathroom... And I offered her to bring her home: to my or to her home, while my home was not so far - just 8 mins. She promptly agreed and we paid our bills.

She showed how less urgent it would be and talked to the bartender for some minutes...

But when we were on the street, she bent over and had to wait a bad spasm to subside. Just a few steps later, she again had to stop and as I was curious about her condition and strength, I checked my watch. 8 mins later - a summer rain had started (from the sky) - she went on and crossed the street towards a petrol station to buy some wine for us. At the petrol station she seemed relaxed and did not show any signs of distress. But when we were out of sight, she again stopped, crossed her legs and needed another few minutes to get ready to walk on.

This time she was able to walk for about 200 metres with stiff body and legs. We even crossed another street. But then she had to stop again and afterwards was just able to walk 10 metres, stop, 10 metres, a.s.o.

After a long time we could see my home. She now walked about 50 metres without any stop. I passed my home and the next home ground, as I thought about to test her abilities and walk around the block with her. But at the corner of the neighbours house, she stopped and wanted to pee beside a tree. She obviously had done everything to reach my home in time to not wet herself, when she went the last 50 metres without any stop.

So I asked her, if she would not be able to climb the stairs to my flat, instead of peeing beside a tree - and showed her the house, where I lived - 2 entrances back on our way.

She not really agreed, but turned back. So I took her and helped her to reach my home and had the keys in my hand to open the door downstairs in one go. To enter and climb the stairs to the 3rd floor. Fortunately she anyhow WS able to climb the stairs with her bursting bladder inside her brand new and tight jeans. She is a sporty woman with a normally flat belly, even after holding 5..6 pints of beer inside her strong bladder.

When we reached my floor, she stopped and I opened the door, entered, switched the light on, and the bathroom light and opened the bathroom door and the toilet lit - all in one quick go. Then I returned to her and led her to my bathroom. She reaaly urgently needed to pee and was extremely concentrated. I shut the door behind her, but stayed directly beside the bathroom door - outside. And after a few seconds she shouted: "shit, shit, shit...!"

Fortunately she had not wet herself, but was unable to even open her belt as her bladder had grown so much.

For me it was no difficulty to carefully pull her belt open, but the upper button of her brand new jeans was difficult to open. As often the button did not exactly match with the hole. So I anyhow had to squeeze my finger between her rockhard belly and her jeans. I have normal fingers and am not a wimp, but after I had done a lot to open her upper jeans button my finger was partly white and partly blue by the squeezing...

I have no idea, how a good training woman is able to hold such an extreme pressure in her bladder for such a long time...!!!

Then she peed (into the toilet bowl) and I stood beside. She needed some minutes to start her gusher from a first endless trickle. But this gusher was really hard then! Female pee holes are really big compared with those small pipes we have in our penis...

After she had finished and wiped, Manuela was really exhausted!

I led her to my couch and took her bag and the red wine from the petrol station's shop.

She then drank a full bottle of wine (while I drank mineral water) and used my bathroom all 15 mins. After 10 pees and 2.5 hours, she had emptied the bottle and cuddled to me me and wanted sex.

But now she was totally drunk after all the beer and the additional bottle of wine.

She tried to kiss me, but it was more like if a dog tries to lick your face...

So I suggested to lay on the couch and sleep to have sex the next day, to what she agreed. I layed beside her on the side of the edge to prevent her from falling down at night. About 5 hours later, Manuela woke up in a shock, what alarmed me. I feared she would peed onto my couch in this condition. But she did not wet anything - but had a giant belly bulge!

I before had seen a few women, who were able to cope with a bulging bladder after a lot of fluid. Normally it is a bulge, which is up to 6 cm protruding from the before flat belly. If a woman is slim, the outlines are clearly visible. Interesting is, that a bladder bulge lays upright in the belly. It can be 20 cm from the public bone up to the navel, but just about 15 cm from hip to hip.

Manuela's bladder bulge hours before in my bathroom had also shown this way and in about these dimensions.

But now it was a nearly perfect ball partly appearing on the surface of her belly! I had never seen a bladder before and afterwards filled to the obviously absolute maximum... It was about 10 cm prominent over her belly level...!

In a normal situation I would gave asked her, if she would be able to wait some more minutes, but this time, the woman of my adore was totally drunk, not really awake and totally shocked about her condition. She sat on my couch with speed legs, as if she would be pregnant and had no space for what was inside her belly.

So I took Manuela from the front of my couch, grab under both arms and took her upright carefully (like nurses do with old and weak people).

Then she stood beside me, still not quite clear and just stared in a shock situation.

So I forgot about my fetish and took her to the toilet carefully. The just wore a slip and so it was no problem to just lower her onto the bowl and push her slip down.

She peed a long time and became more and more clear by the time.

Afterwards she just wanted to get home. So I companied her home through a really strong night rain. Fortunately it was in summer...

That was a completly strange situation!

Manuela did not want to have sex again, after I denied it the first long weekend and now again. But when a woman fucks around without any condoms, I will definitely no have unsafe sex with her. And sex with a totally drunken woman is nothing for me. She may drinkbefore, but if she is totally out of control, I wait for a better situation - and most women thanked me for that afterwards and know, that they can trust in me.

Manuela is extreme... By the time we lost contact. So I never had full bladder sex with her, what is a real pity, as it would definitely be special not just lay on such a giant and rockhard bladder, but feel it from inside her vagina and from outside her belly at the same time, while she anyhow fights to hold her Lee even now - and gets horny by the sex and fuck!

I lay on her belly the first weekend, when she held her pee for 24 hrs twice with just one single pee between. And near the end of the weekend, when she acted a little more carefully with her bursting bladder, I took her from behind with one hand, took the other arm around her from the other side, grab my other hand and pressed her bladder full force. She did a sit-up immediately, but held her pee with no visible effort. It was really painful for her, but she also was proud on her holding ability! I looked totally surprised after her so quick situp then, but she was not angry, just surprised...

A fascinating woman! Beautiful and a very naturally loojing and acting woman. No makeup, but beautiful. And she likes a bursting bladder and sex - unfortunately no safer sex, not even in the beginning of a partnership...

This story contains no wetting, but holding to extremes - and I really experienced what I wrote about!

