Convenience Store Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-05-24 11:17

One of the businesses that we own is a small convenience store on the outskirts of the town where we live. We ended up owning the store as we used to live just around the corner from it before we moved house and we used the store all the time for food and drink. The owner was a lovely old man who ran the shop but due to age and illness he was having to sell the building and the business and go into retirement and we decided that it would be a good investment and would keep the store in the area for the community to use rather than it become something different. That was 5 years ago and the store is still going strong.

The store is located opposite the train station and as its only a small town station there is only two platforms with a few benches on each and nothing else so we get a lot of custom from people using the station as well as the local community. As the store is opposite the train station we do get people sometimes come in looking to see if we have a bathroom as the station doesn’t have any. Most of them come in and look around and when they realise we don’t have one they buy something and leave. Sometimes however they ask us and this has lead to some good desperation sightings.

We do have a bathroom and if we could we would make it available to the public but because of where it is located it is staff only. At the back of the store is the door to the stock room where we obviously keep our stock and room is stacked with boxes and pallets and shelves stocked up with all sorts of produce and at the other end of that room is a door leading to a small staff room with a kitchen area, table and a sofa where staff can sit on breaks. Off that staff room is the toilet. The stock room is the reason why the toilet is off limits to the public. The shop floor is public space and if a customer has an accident whilst there we are covered on the insurance. However if we allowed customers into the stockroom and they had an accident there we wouldn’t be covered. Therefore no customers allowed. This is the policy that has lead to seeing a few desperate moments and I thought I would share them with you in this thread. Watch this space for updates if you are interested.

*002*2017-05-24 12:34

The first memorable sighting happened one afternoon when I was working in the shop. Although all of our businesses are managed and run by our wonderful staff we do like to get stuck in and work ourselves and on this day I was checking stock on the shop floor and restocking shelves. I was in the process of refilling the drinks fridge when a couple came in to the shop. They walked up to the fridges and stood looking at the sandwiches. As they were stood there I noticed the woman was fidgeting gently. They were stood for a few moments picking out some lunch and then they came over to the fridge I was at. I stood back to allow them to choose what drink they wanted and now she was stood just in front of me I started to wonder if the fidgeting was because she needed to pee. After watching her movements it was obvious that she did need to pee and by her motions I wondered if she was feeling a bit desperate. They both grabbed a drink and headed to the counter and I went back to my work.

I didn’t think anymore of it and did not expect to see her again. However about 20 minutes later I came out of the back stock room with a new trolley of boxes to put out on the shelf when I saw her come in. She looked on edge and walked towards the counter. There was nobody on the counter at the time and she stopped dead when she saw that. She looked round and when she saw me she quickly walked over to me. I looked up as she came over and I noticed the bottle of juice she had bought was now mostly empty. She stopped in front of me and said “hi, I was just wondering if you had a bathroom here”. As she asked this she stood and stepped from foot to foot and I realised she must have been pretty desperate.

Before I could reply she continued and said “it’s just we just missed the last train when we left here before and have been waiting for the next one but the station doesn’t have any toilets and I’m dying for a pee”. I was taken aback at how candid she was and as if she wanted to prove it to me she crossed her legs and started pee dancing. I told her that unfortunately we didn’t have a bathroom available and she moaned and made those lovely noises that desperate women make. She looked around and then asked if we had an employee bathroom she could use. I told her we did have an employee but it was off limits to the public and upon hearing this she crossed her legs tight and did a wonderful pee dance.

She stood for a moment dancing on the spot and then dropped to a whisper as another customer had come in and said “please can make an exception just this once, I wouldn’t normally put pressure on you but I am seriously bursting for a wee and if I have to wait until our train arrives I am in danger of wetting myself”. At this point she stopped and took a deep intake of breath and as she did she slid her hand between her legs and I felt myself becoming aroused at the thought she was almost wetting herself and watching her have to hold herself out of desperation. That action took a few seconds but to me it was like slow motion. I was brought back to reality as she continued speaking and asked me if I could go and ask a manager or someone she would be very grateful. I did feel sorry for her but I told her I was the owner and I was afraid I was unable to let her use the employee bathroom and explained why.

After I explained to her why it was off limits to the public she seemed to accept and was actually nice about me having to deny her. Some people can get very testy but she understood why I couldn’t let her pee. She thanked me and said she would just have to try hold on until the train arrived. I then had some more bad news for her. The majority of the trains that run through our station are small town to town trains and they don’t have toilets on them. Part of me wanted to keep that information from her and the thought of her getting on the train on the verge of an accident and finding no toilets was super hot but I couldn’t be that mean to her.

I told her this and she looked in despair but I told her that there was a pub just down the road that she could go to and they would usually object to people just walking in to use the bathroom but if she asked nicely they would let her. She thanked me and dashed off towards the door and ran off down the road and later on I asked the woman who owns the pub as we are good friends if a woman came into use the bathroom earlier on. She laughed and said yeah she came in and looked like she was about to pee herself so we pointed her to the toilets before she could open her mouth. I wonder if she made it completely dry, she certainly seemed close to leaking whilst talking to me.

*003*2017-05-24 20:12

We get a lot of people coming back from nights out on the train that ask if they can use our bathroom. Alice works the evening shift the most so she deals with most of them but I have seen a few good ones. This one happened on a Sunday night. Alice was working the late shift and Matty had gone out so I decided to go down and keep her company and do some inventory and shelf stacking so we knew what we needed when we went to the cash and carry during the week. We are open till late as we have found people still use the store late in the evening, at least enough people to warrant staying open. Especially people getting on and off trains. It was about 10 o'clock and Alice was behind the counter taking down notes as I shouted them and I was down one of the aisles going through the products and telling Alice what products needed more putting out on the shelves.

The bell went as the door opened and instinctively I looked over to see a guy standing there. He looked quite smart and I guessed he had been out for the night. He smiled at both of us and then asked us if we had a toilet. Alice beat me to it and told him that we didn't. He nodded and then opened the door and said "see, I told you there wouldn't be a toilet". From outside I heard someone say "oh no....you're lying, there has to be". A girl appeared in the doorway. She was in her mid 20's, long blonde hair and looked quite sexy in a little tight black dress. She was obviously a bit tipsy and my guess they had been out for the evening was confirmed. She stepped inside and immediately crossed her legs and bobbed up and down. She asked us if we really didn't have a toilet and when we told her we didn't for public use she squatted down and started wiggling.

She turned to the guy and said she was going to pee herself and he told her she would be fine. He asked if we had a staff toilet and we told him the policy about the public not being allowed back there. Upon hearing this she stood up and said she would be really careful and pleaded with us to let her use it. She said they had just got the train back from the next town over and she had drank too much wine and she had been bursting all the way with no toilets on the train. She continued dancing on the spot and holding herself up her dress and watching her, knowing she was about to have an accident was so hot but we just couldn't allow her access to the back rooms. 

Before I could say this the guy playfully hit her on the arm and said "you will just have to hold it, if they can't let you use the staff bathroom they can't let you, don't argue with them". She asked us if we knew anywhere nearby but at that time of night we weren't sure. The only place we could think of was the petrol station on the main road.

When we said this the guy told her they weren't walking down there and would just get a taxi home. He steered her outside and apologised to us but we said there was nothing to apologise for. He wished us goodnight and headed out after her. Alice motioned me over and pointed at the cctv monitor under the counter. She brought the front camera onto the main screen and we could see them stood leaning against the wall as he rang for a taxi. When he came off the phone we watched for five minutes as she stood walking around, running on the spot and holding herself with crossed legs.

Suddenly she went off camera and I thought she had gone to pop a squat. However she came back into view 10 seconds later still pee dancing. After a few more minutes the taxi pulled up and they got in and drove. To this day I wonder if she made it home dry. Did she make it home and end up losing it before she got inside. Did she wet her knickers a little before finally peeing. Maybe she had to ask the taxi driver to pull over and she pee'd at the side of the road. All of these outcomes are nice to think about and I sometimes like the not knowing how it ended.

*009*2017-05-25 14:18

A switch now for those who enjoy male desperation. Was a typical weekday afternoon. We had just had the rush of school kids coming in buying drinks and sweets and crisps and I was sat behind the counter whilst the girl on shift went to make us a drink. As I was sat there a guy came in who I recognised. He comes in the shop now and around the same time and over time and conversations with him we found out he finishes work and then drives to the train station to pick up his wife. Some days he comes in and gets a drink or grabs something they need to re stock their cupboards at home. I greeted him as he walked past and he walked down to the fridges and grabbed a bottle of juice and came to the counter. We made general chit chat as he paid for his drink and bag of crisps and then left.

About 20 minutes later I was knelt in front of the counter restocking the crisps rack when I saw him come back in and walk down the first aisle. I finished the first boxes I had brought out and on my way to the stock room to grab some more he was just wandering up the aisle looking at things on the shelves. I came back with some more boxes of crisps to put out and set about doing so. As I was working the girl behind the counter asked if he needed any help and he said he was fine and was just killing time. I asked why he was still around and he told us his wife’s train had been delayed and diverted so he was just waiting for her. He wandered around for five minutes picking up a few items. I couldn’t help but sneak peeks at him. I always thought he was hot. He always looked sharp in his suits and to me was the perfect amount of style. He wasn’t one of these “look at me” kind of suit wearing guys like some people I know. He just looked good.

As I was sneaking peeks at him I noticed when he was stood still looking at something he seemed kind of tense and couldn’t stand still. To anyone else it wouldn’t mean anything. To me it seemed like he might need to pee and that thought was so hot. The more I watched the more I was convinced he was feeling the need to pee and judging by his movements I guessed he must be getting desperate. He had been sat outside in his car for half an hour and had most likely finished the drink he bought earlier. He continued to wander the shop and show more signs he had to pee.

His phone rang and when he answered it was obvious it was his wife. They had a quick conversation and when he put the phone down he continued looking around for a few minutes before coming to the counter. He paid for his things and then said “I don’t suppose you have toilet do you”. The girl who was serving him told him no and he said “I thought as much, I just thought I would ask, all this waiting around is no good”. She laughed and he picked up his bag and left. The fact he had asked for a toilet even though he knew there probably wasn’t one said to me he must be pretty desperate.

I went to the door and watched him go to his car. He put the stuff in the car and then stood next to it looking over onto the station. As he stood there he could not stand still at all. He kept moving his legs and bending forward slightly. I watched this for a few minutes before he suddenly moved his hand to his crotch. Although he was facing away from me it was obvious he had just grabbed himself out of desperation. Suddenly he looked around and then walked over the road. I watched him walk past the shop and the duck down the alley between our shop and the fish and chip shop next door. It was obvious he had gone there to empty his obviously bursting bladder and I couldn’t help myself. I walked out of the shop and as I got to the corner of the alleyway I heard a splashing and heard a sigh of relief.

Part of me wanted to just leave him to it and not embarrass him but I couldn’t help myself. I walked round the corner and was greeted by the sight of him leaning on the wall, holding his cock and directing a strong stream against the drain. He was too caught up in the relief to notice me and it was only when the stream died down that he noticed me standing there. He quickly covered himself up and started apologising. I held up my hand and told him there was no need to apologise and that we all end up having to take desperate measures. I told him I lost count of the times I ended up with a choice of squatting or wetting myself. It turned me on telling him that and it seemed to make him feel a little easier.

He told me he had gradually got more desperate whilst waiting and had no choice and that he didn’t think anybody would see him. I laughed and pointed to the cctv camera on the side of the shop and he blushed with embarrassment. I told him not to worry and he went back to his car. For the next few times I saw him he seemed slightly embarrassed but once he realised I didn’t seem to care about it he went back to normal.

*010*2017-05-27 09:00

This one sticks in my memory as it involves a woman in work attire.. Firstly I love smart work attire, blouses, skirts, trousers etc. I love seeing men and women dressed up smart for work and looking professional and if those dressed this way happen to be nursing a full bladder then even better. Secondly I just find something so sexy in a smartly dressed person trying to hide that they really have to pee, trying to stay professional and love it when they admit they need to go.

This happened quite early in the afternoon just after lunchtime one day when Alice and I were working the day shift. Our manager who should have working had to take her daughter to the hospital so asked us if she could swap shifts. We said it was fine and gave her the day off given the circumstances and said we would cover the shift. We had just had our usual lunchtime rush of people on their lunch breaks and I was rearranging the sandwiches and snacks in the fridge. I heard the door chime go and Alice greet whoever came in.

I finished at the fridge and as I walked back to the counter I saw who had come in. A man and woman dressed quite smartly and when I saw the woman I couldn’t help but stop and admire her. She was dressed in a tight white blouse which showed off her curvy figure and when she turned round I found showed off plenty of cleavage. Below that was a tight black pencil skirt that hugged her figure and showed off every gorgeous curve and revealed her lovely tanned legs leading to black sultry high heels. I couldn’t help but feeling like she was dressed to impress, whether it was for her boss or somebody they were meeting. Either way she definitely using her feminine charms.

I managed to tear my eyes away from her and go back to the counter and stood talking to Alice. A customer came in and as I stood serving them I noticed Alice staring at the woman. When my customer had left I playfully smacked her and asked if she was getting a little hot and bothered. She laughed and then leaned in close and whispered “only because I think she needs a wee”. I looked round at the woman and saw her wandering along looking at the shelves and noticed she was fidgeting and could not keep her legs still. Part of me would think she needed to pee but she could have just been moving her legs. However as I watched she suddenly bobbed and lifted her leg up and then I was convinced she did need to pee. We watched as she walked around with the guy showing obvious signs that she was feeling the effects of a filling bladder.

When she was talking to the guy she was smiling and laughing but when he looked away she looked flustered and on edge. She walked around the shop stopping every so often to look at something and then when she got to the door leading to the stockroom she looked through the little window in the door. As she did she crossed her legs and did a cute little bob again. After she looked in the window she looked round at the guy she was with and when she saw he was looking in the fridges she quickly walked down towards the counter. She said hi to the both of us and then leaned over the counter and in a hushed voice asked us if we had a bathroom in store.

We told her that unfortunately we didn’t and she winced a little and said “not even a staff bathroom, I wouldn’t usually ask but we have just got out of a long meeting and I had way too much coffee this morning”. I feigned ignorance and said “right?…”. She looked around again at the guy and then turned back and whispered “and now need a wee, I was going to go before we left the office but we left straight after the meeting and I didn’t want to say anything to my boss” she said indicating the guy. I then realised why she was whispering, she didn’t want to admit to her boss that she was desperate to pee and had been holding on. The thought of her coming out of a meeting desperate for a wee and then not having chance to go was turning me on.

Before I could say anything she did a little pee dance and said “like I said I wouldn’t usually ask but that coffee has gone straight through me and now I really need a wee, like really really need a wee. We called in here on the way to head office and I was glad when he suggested grabbing a drink and something to eat because if we had carried on all the way there I was in danger of wetting myself”. I loved how candid she was with us, almost like because she didn’t want to admit to her boss she needed to get it out to somebody. I nodded but told her that was didn’t have a public toilet, only for staff. She asked if she could use it and when we said we couldn’t allow it she went back to pee dancing. We apologised and she said she understood. We told her about the petrol station down the road and she said she would have to consider it.

The guy came over with a couple of sandwiches and some crisps for them both and paid us. As he paid she stood next to him squirming and fidgeting and knowing that she was very desperate but not wanting to admit it was so sexy. When they left I watched them walk across the road and get into a nice car and drive off. I wonder if she held on all the way and had to make a mad dash to the ladies, wriggle out of her tight skirt and enjoy a nice relieving pee or did her desperation get the best of her and force her to ask her boss to stop. I do sometimes think about the fact she might have not had the courage to speak up and ended up soaking her lovely skirt and her boss's car but I don’t think that would have actually happened, that is just a nice fantasy.

*012*2017-05-27 19:16

This one involves one of my members of staff. Her name is Lauren and she has worked in the store for the past three years. Not only is she a great employee she is a great person. She is always bubbly and smiley and never fails to brighten peoples day. One day earlier this year she certainly brightened my day. It was a Tuesday and in the morning I sorted out in the stockroom and made a list of what we needed from the cash and carry. There are some items in the shop that we get delivered. Things like bread, milk and fresh sandwiches we get from individual companies who deliver in a morning. We then get a lot of our stock from a supply company who have a catalogue of products.to choose from. This makes life easier as the products come and we can just put them in the stockroom. Products like chocolate bars, sweets, crisps and a few other long last products we get from the cash and carry.

After I had made my list I said I told Lauren I would cover the shop if she wanted a break for half an hour. Usually the staff take breaks in the staff room and given the nature of the job and there been downtime when there are no customers they don't usually bother. They will go make a drink and get something to eat and sit at the counter and they don't have to do that at specific times. Our only stipulation is they have to be ready for a customer which they can hear by the door chime.

Other than that they can sit down and take it easy as long as the shelves are stacked and the customers are happy. She grabbed a sandwich and said she was going for a walk to the park up the road and I said that was fine and to enjoy herself. I busied about for a while serving customers and doing paperwork until she came back. When she got back she came back behind the counter and I told her I was heading to the C+C and would be back in a couple of hours and to ring Alice if she needed anything. I met Matty and we took the van over to the cash and carry and got what we needed.

After driving there and back and loading up we were gone for about an hour and a half. When we got back to the shop I went inside and as I went behind the counter to put my bag down I noticed that Lauren was stood fidgeting on the spot whilst she scanned through a customers items. I didn't think anything of it and went back to the stock room to grab a trolley. I brought the trolley outside and loaded it up with stuff from the van and wheeled it back inside.

After dropping it off I repeated the action two more times until everything was unloaded. We both came inside and I went behind the counter as Matty went into the stockroom. Lauren was stood chatting to someone and I noticed she was still fidgeting a lot. I wondered why she was fidgeting and the obvious thought was maybe she had to pee. I went back towards the stock room and she called after me. I told her I would be right back and went into the stockroom. Seeing her fidgeting had reminded me I was feeling desperate for a wee myself.

I went back into the staff room and as I did Matty said unless I needed anything else he would get off as he had other stuff to do. I told him there was nothing else and he said "well I'll just nip to the loo and get off then". He walked over to the bathroom and I joked and said "well hurry up because I need to go too". I did a little pee dance and he laughed and went in and closed the door. I turned round and walked back out to the shop. The sudden fact I had been close to peeing and then had to wait suddenly made me feel more desperate and when I got to the counter I stood doing a little dance.

It was then I noticed Lauren was stood with her legs crossed tight and was bobbing on the spot obviously desperate for a pee. I watched her squirming as she finished with her customer and when she had finished she turned to me and said "thank god you guys are back, I'm busting for a pee but every time I was going to go another customer came in". She walked past me and I was going to tell her that Matty was in the bathroom but I decided to let her find out for herself. I followed her into the staff room and she walked over and found the door locked. She looked at me and I said "oh yeah Matty is in there".

She moaned and crossed her legs tight and resumed her bobbing. I too stood fidgeting and she laughed saying "you look how I feel". I decided to tease her a little and said "yeah. I'm dying for a wee, was desperate all the way back here but Matty beat me to the toilet". She laughed and said "well I hope he isn't too much longer, I'm dying for a pee as well. She stood with her hand between her legs stepping from foot to foot and kept gasping in desperation. Watching her made my own need worse and I too found myself dancing on the spot. She was silent for a few moments then suddenly said "if he isn't quick I'm gonna wet myself". I nodded and said "yeah I know the feeling". Just then we heard the toilet flush and I walked over to where she was stood and said "I hope you realise you are behind me in the queue". She looked at me in desperation and said "well yeah I guess if he beat you to it you are next but please please be quick. I am bursting and can't hold it much longer.

When Matty came out I dashed in but didn't close the outer door where the sink was, I just closed the toilet door and quickly pulled my jeans down and sighed in relief as I emptied my bladder. After 30 seconds there was suddenly a knock on the door and the thought of her stood on the other desperately trying not to wet her knickers and leggings was so sexy. I quickly finished up and when I opened the door she quickly darted past me and yanked down her leggings and started peeing. She let out a lovely sigh of relief as a strong stream hit the water below and I slowly closed the door on her.

When she came out to the shop a few minutes later looking very relieved. When she got to the counter she laughed and said "that was close, I should have gone before you left but I figured I would be okay, I almost wasn't, I was almost ringing Alice to come save me". We went back to working and I catalogued the new stock all the while wondering if she ever found herself in that situation before and had close calls.

*015*2017-05-28 19:28

{{12 hours ago, Sgt. Xana said:

Love these stories Gem, but didn't you say you were the owner of the store?

}}

Yeah, why?

*016*2017-05-29 08:00

{{1 hour ago, Sgt. Xana said:

Well, in theory, if you were pick just the right opportunity, you could bend the rules by "escorting" someone to the staff bathroom to "ensure their safety," while getting a good listen or even a show! Think about it. ;3

}}

Hehe, good idea

*018*2017-06-01 12:26

The next two stories involve myself and Alice. There are times when I am working in the shop and I will have a little holding fun. I will set myself little challenges like I can use the bathroom after putting out a certain amount of stock or can only pee after so many customers come in. However there are times when I end up desperate for a wee and have no choice but to hold. This is one of those times.

We have a young guy who works part time for us whilst he is at college. A few months ago he came to us and said that his college group were going on a residential field trip for a week and could he book time off. The week in question he was working two afternoon shifts and at the weekend. His trip was Monday to Friday and said he could do the weekend so only needed the two days in the week off. As it was only two days we decided we would just cover the shifts rather then switch other staff around. Matty covered the first day and I did the second day. I got to the shop just before midday and after putting my stuff behind the counter I went to make myself a cup of coffee. I went and sat behind the counter and chatted with Lauren who had been doing the morning shift to see if there were any problems.

After she covered what had been going on I told her I would cover the counter if she wanted to go have a break and something to eat. She grabbed a sandwich and went and sat outside for 15 minutes whilst she ate. When she came back in she went to the staff room and came back a couple of minutes later holding two cups. She put one on the counter and I realised she had made me a cup of coffee. I thanked her before joking and asking if I looked tired. She looked puzzled until I picked up the cup I had made myself and said "just wondering if you thought I needed caffeine". I finished my first cup and then started drinking the one she had made.

For the next hour and a half she busied about re stocking shelves whilst I served customers and just before 2pm when her shift ended she stopped and asked if I needed anything before she went home. I was starting to feel the need to pee and figured it would be best to go before she left. I took the cups back to the kitchen and went and peed. When I came back out she grabbed her stuff and said goodbye. I went and sat behind the counter and watched some videos on YouTube and served customers when they came in.

At 3 o'clock I closed my laptop and got ready for the school kid rush. It started out easy with young kids and their parents coming from primary schools and then after half past the high schools let out and the rush picked up. By half past 4 the manic rush of customers had died down and now that I was sat doing nothing I noticed that I needed to pee. When I realised its like it all came flooding at once and suddenly the slight need to pee had become a desperate need to pee and I found myself squirming a little. It seemed that the two cups of coffee were taking effect on me and when I looked I had subconsciously been drinking my bottle of water and it was mostly empty.

Over the next hour I had a constant stream of customers, mostly people just finishing work or coming off the train so I was kept busy. As I worked my bladder continued to fill and by half past 5 I was absolutely busting for a wee and subtly pee dancing behind the counter. Alice was coming down to do the evening shift which started at 6 o'clock and I was starting to hope she got there soon so I could go and pee. The steady stream of people coming in and out of the shop meant that I couldn't leave it unattended so I just had to stand there crossing my legs and squirming.

It seemed like every minute that passed my desperation doubled. My knickers were getting very close to getting wet as waves of desperation washed over me and my bladder pushed hard. With twenty minutes until 6 o'clock I was squeezing my thighs together and stepping from foot to foot desperately trying to keep my knickers dry and begging Alice to walk through the door. By quarter to 6 I was glad the counter was waist high so I could hold my desperate pussy through my leggings and nobody could see.

At 10 to 6 I gasped as a little dribble escaped into my knickers. I held myself tight to stem the flow and squeezed my legs tight. Over the next few minutes a few more dribbles escaped and I was dangerously close to wetting myself. A customer came to the counter and I had to let go of my pussy and squeeze my thighs tight and try not to look like I was about to burst and soak myself. As I was serving the guy the door opened and Alice came in. She smiled at me and came over behind the counter. As she leaned down to put her bag down she obviously noticed my legs squirming and squeezing and knew I was bursting for a pee.

After the guy paid and left I turned round and grabbed myself again. She smiled and I told her I was glad she was here because I was about to wee myself. I went to go past her to go to the bathroom and she blocked my way. She looked at her watch and said "your shift isn't over yet". Before I could say anything she said she was going to make a drink and walked off. I moaned in desperation and was caught between feeling absolutely desperate for a wee and loving that she was being a tease. I stood for the next few minutes leaking in my knickers and pee dancing like crazy. She came back and stood watching me and kept looking at her watch.

Eventually she nodded and said "6 o'clock, your shift is over". I ran past her towards the staff room leaking with each step. I dashed into the bathroom and stood squeezing my legs and dancing trying to control the flood for a few seconds longer so I could pull down my leggings. I managed to get them down and immediately started weeing. I quickly sat down and sighed in relief as the pressure released and my bladder started emptying. The feeling of releasing all that liquid was so wonderful and I felt myself getting so aroused.

Eventually my bladder emptied and I looked at my knickers. They had a huge wet patch on them and pulling them up and feeling the wetness against my pussy turned me on even more. I sorted myself out and went back out the shop. Alice was serving somebody so I went behind the counter and leaned down to get my bag. After the customer had left she told me how hot it was watching me squirm and loved having that control over me. I leaned over and gave her a playful smack on her bum and whispered "you will pay for that you naughty girl". She giggled and said she looked forward to it. The payback came a few weeks later and that is the next story.

*022*2017-06-08 14:10

After Alice teased me and kept me holding and I told her she would pay for doing so I completely forgot about it. At least until a few weeks later. It was one evening when Alice was working the evening shift in the shop and Matty had gone out to play snooker. I had had a relaxing evening and I was waiting to go and pick up Alice when she finished but as I was home alone I decided to go down a little early and keep her company. I hadn’t planned to hold but throughout the evening my bladder had filled up and I was feeling desperate for a wee but decided to enjoy it and skip using the bathroom before I left. I drove down to the shop and when I got there it was about quarter past 10.

I went in and saw Alice was stood behind the counter and two guys at the back. I waved to Alice and then walked to the fridges and grabbed myself a bottle of juice. As I walked back to the counter the two guys followed behind me. As Alice served them I put my bag and bottle of juice under the counter and as I did I noticed Alice’s legs jiggling and it's a sight I have seen all too many times. I knew instantly she needed to pee and judging by the empty cup and empty dr pepper bottle she had been drinking plenty. I watched her jiggling for a few moments as she served the guys and after she had done and they had left the shop she turned and said hey to me.

We chatted for a few minutes and she asked why I was so early. I told her I was bored and thought I would come see her. She smiled and said that now I was here she would go and pee. I laughed and told her I noticed her jiggly legs and she said “yeah, I really need to pee but now you are here I can go”. I blocked the way and said “but you haven’t finished yet”. She looked at me and then a look of realisation spread across her face and she squirmed. She told me that she really needed to pee and had been getting desperate. I nodded and said “that may be but you haven’t finished your shift yet and one, if I hadn’t come early you would have had to wait anyway and two, if you do this to me then I do it to you”. She moaned and danced on the spot a little and accepted her fate.

As time passed she got more and more squirmy and kept asking if she could go pee but each time I told her she had to wait. Her jiggling legs soon became crossed and she could not stop dancing on the spot. We had a couple of customers and when they came in she tried to stand still and look composed but below the counter her legs were squeezing tight. I had her drink a bottle of juice so that definitely made her more desperate. Had she had to wait until I came to pick her up she would have probably been fine but I think the added juice coupled with the fact I was denying her had ramped up her desperation.

With 10 minutes until the shop closed she was stood crossing and uncrossing her legs and was moaning that she was absolutely busting for a wee. Watching her cute butt wiggle was driving me crazy with arousal but also watching her squirm reminded me just how much I needed to pee. I was subtly squirming and trying not to show that I was desperate too as I wanted to tease her. She spent the next ten minutes dancing and squirming and telling me how close she was to wetting herself and begging time to hurry up.

With a few minutes to go I looked at my watch and slowly counted down to add to her torture. When the clock hit 11 I told her and she went to push past me. I grabbed her arm and then handed her the keys to the front door and told her to go and lock up. She moaned and told me I was a meanie and she dashed off to lock the door. As she went I went back to the staff room and went into the bathroom.

I pulled down my jeans and sat on the toilet squirming as I waited for her. When I heard her come in I started peeing and she appeared in front of me and moaned when she saw me on the toilet. She crossed her legs and held herself tight and pleaded with me to hurry up.

She squirmed and danced but her desperation was made worse by the sound of me peeing. Suddenly a wet patch appeared on the front of her leggings and she moaned. It was so hot knowing she was so desperate that she was losing control. By the time I finished peeing she had leaked a few times and had a lovely wet patch on her leggings. She begged me to let her pee and I teased her for a few minutes asking why I should and what she would give me if I let her pee. She promised me anything and begged me to let her pee before she had an accident. Watching her squirm was so hot but I really could not be bothered with cleaning up if she did wet herself so I let her pee but only if she peed through her knickers and leggings.

She quickly sat down and let out a sigh of relief as a stream of pee burst through her leggings. She peed for ages before the stream died down and when she stood up her leggings were completely soaked and she looked so cute. I told her to wait by the back door whilst I went and cashed up and put the cash in the safe. After everything was sorted and shut off we went to the car and I laid out a towel for her to sit on. When we got home I reminded her of her promises that she would do anything and we had a very fun evening.

