First wetting

Author: GotaSecret

*000*2012-09-05 18:03

After finally joining this forum today (after so much lurking!) I felt, what the heck, let's make this the day for my first (semi-accident) wetting!

###

I open the bathroom cabinet looking through my collection of nailpolishes, wondering which I should pick. "The red one, definitely". I take the nailpolish with me to the kitchen-table and start painting my nails. Careful, not to much polish on the brush and.. perfect! When I look at my newly painted nail, along with a feeling of satisfaction I also get a sudden feeling of desperation.

"Damn it! Why do I always forget to use the toilet before painting my nails??"

I have a pair of tight blue jeans on, and I can only dream about getting them off withouht ruining my nailpolish. Then an idea strikes me. What would I rather ruin, my nails or my jeans? The answer was easy. I start walking to the bathroom, a sudden burst of desperation hits and I have to clench my legs together, but I keep walking. I wouldn't want to make a mess right there on the livingroom carpet. I finally get to the bathroom and the shower.

I decide to make the most out of the situation and start squirming, acting more desperate then I really am. I feel a pressure build up in my bladder, slowly moving down. Thought races through my mind "I'm really going to do this, I'm going to wet myself. Wonder what it's going to feel like? Warmth, arousment, forbidden" Then a spurt of urine escapes in to my panties. "Gasp!" I hold the rest for a while and stroke my underwear to feel the wet patch not only consisting of urine (completey forgetting about the wet nailpolish -.-). All my thoughts stop as I release some more, and the some more making a wet patch on the crotch of my jeans. "This. Feels. Amazing. Why haven't I done this before?"

I moan as I let go, feeling the hot pee first making my crotch all warm, then running down my legs, splashing on to the floor. The jeans absorbs it, the urine making dark trails down my legs. I stroke my crotch, pee dripping through my fingers, getting more and more aroused. Can't believe how good it feels. The last drops escape, I stand still for a while, enjoying the warmth. I take of my jeans and my panties, stroking myself to the best orgasm I've had in months. *Moans* "I have to do this again!"

###

There you go, my first wetting and my first ever attempt at writing a wetting story! Sorry for eventual grammar mistakes, english is not my first language. Critique is welcome!

And by the way, the nailpolish still looks fabulous ;)

*006*2012-09-06 08:41

{{ 

Nice story. It's always nice to see someone share their experiences, and I wouldn't have guessed English wasn't your first language.

May you have a bright and wet future ahead of you

}}

{{ 

Red nail polish! Really? That so clashes with wet blue jeans! :p

I wish I could write as goodly as you, and english is my only language!

Glad you opted to start writing. I so enjoyed your story. Keep 'em cumming!

}}

Thanks for the feedback! Very appreciated :D I'm always a bit worried when writing i english :p There might be things that I think sound right but then it turns out it's just a direct translate from some swedish saying that makes no sense at all to english readers x)

And I will keep 'em coming! (and cumming ;D)

