Wet myself at work

Author: Golferguy

*000*2019-05-23 03:49

*I posted this as a reply to a posting in the general page, and thought it might be good here as it certainly was a wetting experience*

I've worked in the service industry before. I don't anymore, but I did quite a bit in college and the couple years following.

When I was younger I would wet myself out of fear, and its something that has stuck with me when nervous as an adult. It's why, to this day as a 27 year old, I wear dark pants 80% of the time.

I enjoy wetting, occasionally in public, but only when it's "planned." I have had a few genuine accidents while working, though, the most memorable and humiliating was when I was 22 and working at Kohl's.

I was wearing a tucked in blue polo and nice work khakis. They were dark, but not quite black. Kind of a dark gray with similarly colored stripes if you can picture that. I had on gray briefs and dress shoes. Also, I'm about 5' 10" 165 pounds, and in good shape.

I was working in the back with a coworker, a college student a couple years younger than me. We worked together often.

Over the intercom we could hear a customer pressing the "help" button in the shoe section. Neither of us usually worked on the floor (just sorting in the back) so we didn't pay much attention. I needed to pee pretty badly, but we were finishing up a task so I was waiting. After hearing the ring from the help request 5 or so times, my coworker was like "hey, sorry, did you mind just running out to take care of that?" Easy enough I thought. I said "sure, and I'm going to hit the bathroom after. Be back in a few."

Needing to pee pretty badly,I walked toward the customer...she and her friend looked rather annoyed, and the woman needing help finding shoes was shaking her head as I approached. She hadn't even said a word and I was already nervous. I felt my need to pee spike.

I tried to be polite. "Hi, can I-"

"WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR 5 MINUTES AND NOT A SINGLE EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN IN SIGHT!" She barked.

Before I could respond, I could feel a warm, steady stream of pee escaping into my pants. Not a jet OUT of my pants, but enough of a stream that as I went to apologize in a shaky voice, I could feel drops of pee hitting my inner right thigh. That made me nervous, and while I temporarily stopped the flow and sheepishly apologized to the woman, she continued to exclaim her frustration.

Being an employee, I couldn't grab my crotch, so I tried to no avail to find of a way out of the situation. But as soon as she went into her second round of complaining mere seconds after I stemmed the flow, fear took over and a jet of pee involuntarily shot out and this time there was no stopping it.

I immediately felt pee dripping down to my calf, and while the two women were momentarily too distracted from anger, I took a panicked glance down and saw a spurt go through my pants and spatter onto my dress shoes.

At that point - maybe only 20 seconds after I first approached them - did they start to realize what was happening. Every 3 or 4 seconds I could "stop" peeing, only to have another more aggressive spurt of pee shoot into my pants.

It was bad. Pee was now sporadically cascading down my thighs and a small puddle was forming around my feet.

In a full panic and pee steadily flowing into my pants, I started walking away saying in vain "I'll get my coworker, he can help you!"

I could feel my face blushing and I walked as quickly as I could back to the room where my coworker was finishing up. Before I opened the door, I finally stopped peeing and looked down. There was a VERY obvious wet spot all the way down my right leg to my shoe, and down to my left knee. I was mortified. There was no hiding it. None.

I went in and tried to avoid having my coworker seeing me. I was shaking a bit. I told him he had to deal with the customer. He asked what happened, and I just said he had to take care of it. I needed to go to the bathroom and try to "clean up."

It was no use. After 10 minutes of wiping toilet paper on my soaking wet pants, I decided that I just needed to try and get through the last 2 hours of my shift, hoping that the pants were dark enough that nobody would notice. They weren't, and while I got some looks, none of my coworkers said anything. I got home around 10pm and luckily saw none of my roommates. I threw in laundry, and went to bed, so embarrassed.

While nobody said anything, I'm sure the guy I worked closely with still to this day remembers me as the guy who peed his pants at work.

That's that story. I've had some other moments as a cashier, but they were smaller fear settings from angry customers. Nothing ever hit the level of that Kohl's wetting. I'll remember that one forever

