Old Jeans Wetting Story

Author: Guest yeahidkbro

*000*2022-04-29 19:36

I haven't told many stories on here, so I figured I'd tell one about an accident I had several years ago.

I'm a short guy, athletic build, and at the time of this story, I was 21. I am now 27. On this day I was wearing tight gray ripped skinny jeans and a black t-shirt

I'm not normally someone that wants to have genuine accidents myself unless its a special circumstance. I prefer to hold and wet with someone intentionally. Also, at this point in my life I was still very pee-shy so peeing around people in any situation was very difficult. Didn't matter how bad I needed to go, it just wouldn't come out.

I was spending the day hanging out with a buddy of mine at the time. He lived in a trailer and had a kinda rough life so it was a beat up trailer. He lived about 40 minutes away from me in the middle of nowhere. I showed up in the middle of the day and we started hanging out and drinking lots of soda and energy drinks. It didn't take long for me to notice that his bathroom door was missing. He said the hinges broke and they hadn't been able to fix it yet, so they just had a bath towel hanging over the door. It covered the opening but still wasn't much privacy, so I was already not feeling great about this. I immediately slowed down on what I was drinking about decided I'd just go at a gas station on the way home. That would prove to be the wrong decision lol

We ended up hanging out for about 6 hours. About 2 or 3 hours into the day, I felt like I needed to go. I was really hoping he'd want to go to the store or something so I could use the bathroom there. Obviously that never happened lol. I felt like I was getting pretty full and uncomfortable so I tried to use his bathroom. I stool there with my dick out for about 5 minutes and nothing came out. I was focusing on my breathing, turning the sink on, and pressing on my bladder. Nothing. I was getting nervous and frustrated.

Eventually it got to the point where I had trouble moving around. I had to sit in a weird way with my legs out to the side and I would be holding myself any chance I got. Remember I have skinnies on so that certainly is adding to the pressure. The whole time I'm just hoping he needs to leave for a little or something so I can pee in peace.

Eventually things got a little stale in the hangout and I took the opportunity to leave. I hopped in my car, pushed the seat back, up buttoned the top of my jeans, and sped out of there. Remember how I said I would use the bathroom at a gas station? Yeah there wasn't one on my way home. I completely forgot that the route was just open areas with houses and farms and stuff like that but no open businesses. I had to go so bad, I felt like if I hit too big of a bump I'd completely soak my pants. I was living at home at this point so I called my family to see if anyone was home. THANK. GOD. no one was home. I immediately got a little horny, realizing I might be able to wet when I get home and have some fun with myself, but I didn't want to piss in my car so I kept holding it. I got stuck at redlight after redlight and lots of stop signs so it took a little longer than usual to get home. I had my hand in my pants trying as hard as I could to hold it.

About 2 miles from home I was really having trouble focusing on driving so I decided to let a little bit out. Even this was tough to let out because of my pee-shyness but eventually I leaked. It was so hard to not let it all go. I let enough out that my crotch was soaked about the size of a softball. I was so horny at this point and if I wasn't so desperate, I would've been hard as a rock.

I finally pulled into my driveway. I shut off my car, grabbed my dick tight, and waddled to the front door. I had trouble getting my keys out of my pocket which made me squirm like crazy. I finally got my keys out but had trouble getting the lock open.

Yeah, I couldn't take it. I lost control and absolutely flooded my jeans. Warm piss shot out of me and turned my gray jeans dark. It soaked all the way down to my shoes and around the back to my ass. I was completely soaked. My briefs didn't have a wet spot, they were just completely wet. I felt incredible. Obviously I went inside, jumped in the shower, and started playing with myself. Definitely one of the craziest wettings ever for me and one of the best orgasms.

I hope this was entertaining to some of you!

