Night bus desperation

Author: goodboy_puddle

*000*2024-11-04 13:00

A few nights ago I was out drinking with some friends and I got the most desperate I've been in ages! I was wearing a hoodie, black boxer-briefs and black fake leather jeans.

I got to the bar at 9pm and started out with a cider, then I basically had a drink in my hand for the entire time we were there. However as a "responsible" adult I had some non-alcoholic drinks too. In total two ciders, a beer, a coke and a glass of water. I also went to the bathroom once, about 2 hrs in. We stayed at the bar until closing at 1am and one friend suggested we go to another bar down the street that closed later. I had to pee again by this time but since the bar was closing I didn't get the opportunity before we got kicked out, but no worries I thought, I'd pee at the other bar.

I'd never been to that second bar and I didn't see any bathrooms as we walked in. It was fairly crowded and I didn't want to lose my friends going to search for the bathroom so I went with them to grab a table and then order at the bar. I got caught in conversation with my friends when waiting for our beers so I forgot about my need. Suddenly an hour had passed and I realised I had to hurry to catch the last bus home since the trains had stopped running this late. I remembered my need when I stood up to leave but I had no time to go find any bathrooms now.

When I got out in the cold I was even more aware of my desperation but I had to powerwalk to the metro as that was the fastest way to get to the bus stop. I tries to figure out how I could find somewhere to pee whilst riding the three stops to where I changed to the bus. But my margins were too small, when I got off the metro the bus left in 4 minutes. I now had no choice but to hold it until I got home... In 1,5 hours... That's how long the bus ride was going to be. I unbuttoned my top button on my jeans before getting on the bus, it marginally helped.

My bladder was hurting by this point and I was just hoping no one would sit down next to me as the bus was pretty full for it being almost 3 am. I couldn't relax because of my desperation and I must have looked so weird trying to not show my panic. After about 15 minutes I realised I wouldn't make it dry home, I just hoped it wouldn't be a catastrophe. The shaking off the bus was horrible on my bladder and made it hurt even more. I was also worried since usually it doesn't hurt this much when I hold and I didn't want to get injured.

I made it another 15 minutes but I had to unbutton all my buttons on my jeans, trying to cover it up with my hoodie. My bladder was rock hard and I wished I could pull the waistband of my boxers down but I was too worried about the other passengers.

45 minutes in we got to a popular stop and the majority of the passengers got off which made me relax a little. That also gave me the courage to start figuring out how I could get away with wetting myself because now I could feel my urethra spasming. I decided that the best plan was to try and let a few leaks out to take pressure off. And I know, I know, this is a bad idea and never works, but I couldn't come up with anything else that would give me a chance to get off the bus without being soaking wet. Since I was wearing fake leather jeans I hoped that the lining would absorb enough piss if it was just a little and that the outside material would keep it from pouring onto the seat or floor.

I let myself relax a little bit and after a second it started pouring out, it was like my body was so tense from holding wasn't even able to let go. The feeling was a mix of immense relief and horror, I couldn't believe I was wetting myself like this in public but the pain in my bladder started disappearing. I could feel the hot piss under my butt and start running under my thighs. I couldn't see any wetness and after a few seconds I cut it off, feeling slightly better. It didn't work for long though and the desperation soon came back. But I was worried if I leaked too much at once it would start going on the floor so I desperately waited a bit longer.

Now about 1hr into the trip I couldn't bear it anymore and let myself relax and let some out again. This leak was also a few seconds but when I tried to cut it off a bit more still leaked out. I discretely checked if I could feel any wetness on my thigh or butt but it still seemed fine. I felt enough relief to think I could keep going until the end.

Another 15 minutes passed and I realised I had to go again, the pain in my bladder was torture. I decided I could relax once more and that was it, I could feel the inside of my pants was pretty wet by now and I didn't want to risk it spilling out. I let myself relax once more and feel the hot piss pool underneath my butt. I cut it off after a few seconds again and crossed my fingers I'd make the last 15 minutes. I'd have a 5 minute walk before getting home and I thought of finding a bush to pee in but I also knew there weren't really any spots like that on the way.

Through some miracle I made it to my stop. I didn't want to button my pants in case people saw so I just tugged my hoodie down when I got up. I couldn't see any wetness on the swat but I could feel some piss running down my legs that had been trapped in my pants. I quickly jumped off the bus and started powerwalking home, for some reason the movement helped me holding and I made it all the way to my apartment. In the elevator I thought I'd just run into the bathroom with my shoes on but when I got through the door I still felt like I could hold it.

So I got my shoes off, then went to the bathroom and started getting fully undressed. My bladder was huge. I could now pee dance and hold myself properly and I decided I would wait until I burst. So I knelt down in the shower cubicle, grinding on my heel and holding myself. But after a little while my tired bladder couldn't do it anymore and my body knowing this was a safe place to pee started releasing it slowly leak after leak. After a minute it stopped but I knew my bladder was still half full. So I started fingering myself and that quickly made the rest of the piss spurt out.

*002*2025-02-12 23:50

{{16 hours ago, MrFoley said:

Button fly fake leather jeans makes the story even more hot!

Exposed button fly or regular(covered)?

}}

Covered buttons

