First accident as an adult

Author: Guest gwbolt

*000*2017-11-29 07:20

I’m 23 and the last time I peed my pants by accident was when I was ten. I haven't had a legit accident since then. When I’m doing a hold I tend to leak and spurt but I give up before I actually have a legit accident because of the pain. Today was different, I was going to be in public so there would be no taking the easy way out.

I did an omorashi dice dare. You should try them cause they’re super fun. I had to drink 2L of Gatorade (taking 20 mins in between each litre), I had to drive an hour away, and I had to go somewhere in public for an hour. Tough … but do-able ... unless you're me. I wore dark blue jeans with a Rearz safari training pant underneath (they aren’t waterproof but will catch small leaks). I decided to get my Christmas shopping done at a mall that I was hoping wouldn’t be too busy on a Tuesday. I don’t really like shopping so doing a hold would make it more fun. I had about a dozen items on my list so I knew that would take at least an hour going from store to store. I was fully committed to spending 60 minutes shopping, but I knew I would have to go to the bathroom before I got back in the car and drove home.

When I got to the mall I was already very uncomfortable but determined to not use the bathrooms for an hour. The first store I went to had seven or eight of the items I needed and I managed to get them all and make to the line to pay. There were about 5 people infront of me, and I leaked while I waited! The leak was very small but I was struggling to keep control.

I walked to the next store and had trouble finding what I was looking for, for about ten minutes I searched and searched and kept having little leaks. I felt my crotch a few times to make sure I was dry, and sure enough the training pants were doing their job. At this point I was shaking and had to fight hard to get composure as I asked an employee for help. I managed to get what I needed and pay, but I was leaking every minute. My jeans were still dry but my leaks were getting longer – about 1-2 seconds. I realized I had 35 minutes left and I was failing to keep control. And as I walked to the next store I could feel the weight of the wet training pants.

At the third store my bladder started to contract painfully. My bladder was releasing spurts that were lasting several seconds and I realized my jeans were now pretty wet. The spurts had quickly turned into a full on continuous stream by the time I found an empty isle. I started to go into shock. I couldn’t believe I was having an accident in public. I stood there with my cart in front of me hoping that no one come into the isle and notice the puddle that was forming between my feet. I tried to keep the pee out of my shoes but I was not very successful. My vision went blurry and I couldn’t believe what I was doing. I don’t think anyone saw, but I’m still not sure. 

As soon as I felt better I walked with my cart to go pay. I glanced down to see a somewhat obvious wet patch that went all the way down to my ankles. Wearing dark jeans was a good choice because it wasn’t completely obvious what I had just done. My shoes were squeaking and my heart was beating as I found a good line to go into. Someone quickly came in line behind me and I quickly realized the back of my jeans were wet!! Normally, the wet patch just shows up on the front, but my soaking wet pull-up must have distributed my pee down the back of my legs as well. I didn’t dare look back to see if they were looking at me.

I left the store with my head down and looked at my phone. I had 26 minutes left but I had already failed so I decided to leave. I felt horrible that I left a puddle, but it was an accident, and I’ve had to clean up vomit a few times at my job so I figured it’s not the worst thing in the world. Plus I was very hydrated so the pee was white and didn’t have a smell to it. I hurried to my car which was practically on the other side of the mall and got in only to realize I still had to pee. I didn’t think I could make it all the way home but I started driving anyway. 

Sure enough not even 30 mins later I was uncomfortable and starting to leak. I didn’t want to stop somewhere and have people see me so I held on and kept driving as my soaked cloth pull-up got wetter and wetter. By the time I got home the seat was soaked and I had to clean it. I felt like a little kid. I looked in the mirror and the wet patch down to my ankles front and back was noticeable to whoever would have looked at me closely. Oh well. It makes my 10 year old self feel better about the accident during class, so I think this omorashi dare turned out to be therapeutic for me.

