The Time I Almost Made My High School Crush Shit Herself

Author: Guest TastyCorn

*000*2019-08-07 07:35

I was a weird kid growing up, high school was no different. Of course, I also have a unstoppablely strong desperation fetish (I like to watch girls on the toilet too >:3c). I never really dated and while I somehow had a sexlife in my high school days for obvious reasons my fetish was never involved. That changed in 11th grade.

I was pathetically in love with my best friend. She knew it, of course, we just both agreed to not talk about it. She just wasn't interested in me that way, and it's okay for a woman to feel that way about you FYI.

Anyway, us and our little group of friends would always get together at her house for the weekend and have a sleepover. She only lived with her dad and he really didn't a shit, it was what it was, so he waa gone a lot. The tradition was always some kind of game or challenge. Truth or Dare was our most popular but we made up stuff all the time too.

Man, I wanted to watch this girl take a piss since I first met her. Or at least catch her in a desperate situation. Neither had happened. Since I was a horny little bastard I finnaly decided I was done waiting and was gonna create my own desperate situation.

In the midst of a True or Dare game me and her came to a stalemate. I didn't want to do her dare and she didn't want to answer my truth. Whenever this happened we always had to the two people settle it with some ridiculous challenge.

I lucked out and won the coin flip, the challenge was mine to decide. Now, listen, I said Im weird. And my tastes are, unusual. I had done my homework and ran my calculations.

My challenge was simple. We each eat three Fiber-One bars. First one to have to go to the bathroom loses and has to do their respective Truth or Dare they didn't want to do. Now, Im a fucking dick. This girl is 5'5 and maybe 130 pounds. She is gonna have to poop so fast it's not even funny. And, duh, I was right.

About five minutes in her stomach audibly grumbled. We were sitting cross legged in front of each other, which was good because it hid my stiffie like a pro. Being the iron lad I am my stomach was fine. She however had started to slightly hunch over, and her face was getting a little red.

I decied to remain cross legged to psych her out. Which again was good, because eventually after some time passed she stood up and started pacing back and forth. She absolutely could not stand still. I really thought I was gonna bust a fattie in my chinos right then and there.

And then, ever so gracefully, she farted. I know this is way out of you guys' field but damn am I a filthy smelle boy. Her fart stunk like ripe shit so bad and I was loving it.

Im glad we were all drunk off our asses and stoned (lol weed lol) because truly no sober entourage would have encouraged this cringefest. Everyone seemed to not care the room smelled like dank farts and kept egging her on. While I was greatly enjoying the fruits of my labors all good things must end.

After some more pacing, squirming, and swear words her poor B-hole had enough. Clutching her butt together with both hands she darted for the bathroom. I'll never forget the image of her boobs bouncing in that Rose Lalonde shirt as she ran to unleash hell.

The bathroom was in the basement where we were. Everyone had mostly gone back to chatting among themselfs while we waited for her to finish and get the Truth or Dare back in action. I coud just faintly hear her splashes from outside the door.

Looking back I was a terrible, horny bastard back then. No one was any the wiser and we all collectively forgot over time. Good times.

