Wet my black/grey striped panties (pics)

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-05-10 20:51

I was dressed all in matching stripes and suddenly decided I really wanted to wet these panties, so I started a hold and took a quick before picture:

I was impatient so I drank as much water as I could, and it didn't take very long before I was fidgeting around in my chair a little and pressing my thighs together. I got distracted by a movie after that, and sort of forgot I had to pee, but after about an hour I noticed I was holding myself and squirming without even realizing it. By that point I was desperate, but i'm stubborn and wanted to wait for the movie to end, so I stayed in my chair and wiggled around frantically with my hand pressed tight against my panties.

After a few minutes I suddenly felt myself leak a little bit, and jumped up so I wouldn't get the chair wet. There was a tiny wet patch on my panties but my hand kept it from getting on the chair. I thought about trying to take a picture right then, but even thinking about it made me need to do a pee dance, I knew if I tried to use a camera I'd lose control and pee all over the floor and my stockings, I had to go so bad

The movie was almost over but I stopped caring and just hopped around grabbing myself with both hands, I was seriously desperate and it felt like I'd pee myself any second. Another little leak came out and then a longer spurt, I almost couldn't move but I hurried to make it to the bathroom.

I could barely think about anything except my bursting bladder, and I quickly took my hands away (leaking the whole time) and sat down and peed through my panties. It felt sooo good to let go, the warm rush of pee flooding against me. I barely made it, there were a few drops on the floor. Afterward I took some pictures, the wetness looks kind of subtle on this color, but my panties were absolutely soaked.

