Wetting during a meeting!

Author: GalwayBird

*000*2021-01-20 22:44

Today I decided to go a little bit bold and hold during my working hours in the morning and only let myself go on my first call of the day! And film myself on the process of course

So I had to explain what I was working on while I could only think on how much I needed to go to the toilet! I would put my feet on tiptoes trying to hold it!

$$

The meeting was getting long and my holding hard to manage, so I decided to let go a little bit...

$$

Almost immediately I lost all control and things escalated quickly It was so hard to relieve myself without giving it away with my faces as the camera was on!!

$$

It was a long meeting with my pants wet! Finally I could take them off to evaluate the damage

$$

Of course I immediately put them back on to release... other things.

A great challenge to release while having to control the face for other not to realise. Highly recommended

*005*2021-01-27 10:21

{{On 26/01/2021 at 1:17 AM, biohzard said:

I know you’re straight so I hope you take this as a compliment, you look amazing. You’ll have female followers in no time lol

}}

A compliment is a compliment and is welcome whichever the source, thanks

*006*2021-01-27 10:24

{{On 26/01/2021 at 1:51 AM, PrincessPeeach said:

Wow! What a first post

I love naughty work from home play. It’s the perfect way to make long meetings more interesting, although I’ve never actually wet during one, more so just challenged myself to hold till the end. Looks like fun (and super hot too) maybe I’ll have to give it a go.

}}

Thanks!! It was really good fun and veeeery hot to do! Glad you enjoyed it! Looking forward to see you giving it a go

{{16 hours ago, trekkie said:

Too bad such perfection isn’t available to both sexes.

I don’t have any real desire for sex but I do get crushes, but usually on girls and it’s always a weird experience to take one look at a boy and be practically drooling like now...

So yeah, dude. Seconding hoping you consider it a good thing to have cross-gender appeal!

Also, it’s awesome that you’re daring enough to make pics like these, even showing your face. But I guess anyone you know who sees this is also into all this, and couldn’t admit to seeing the pics without also admitting to having gone to the site(s) where they’re found. Maybe you’ll find someone around you to hold and wet with.

}}

Exactly! My name is not here, so it cannot be found or linked to me unless someone I know frequents a lot this site and recognises me

$$$$$$$$

*015*2021-01-31 17:04

{{On 28/01/2021 at 6:46 AM, trekkie said:

It's got to be super exciting to be wet just offscreen and nobody you're talking to knows it. Can you keep a straight face and act natural so nobody would notice anything different as you talk about diversifying your portfolio or whatever while Niagara Falls has relocated into your pants?

And now I gotta ask, after even more mentions of your attractiveness around here, how does a straight guy feel knowing he's got both dudes and chicks finding him hot in about equal measure? (And of course, how can the rest of us get that? XD)

}}

Haha keeping the straight face is the challenge

Well it turns me on a lot to know a girl finds me attractive, despite if she pretty herself or not, I just wanna show myself more to her! I'm a bit exhibitionist in that way haha but she needs to like it, if not, is not turn on for me.

Regarding guys, I'd say guys like me more than girls, and that makes it a waste me not being gay or bi I guess, since my life would be easier the compliment feels good as long as is respectful... It lifts my mood

I don't consider myself hot, but I do admit I do my best to keep myself healthy and some find that attractive. I'd give that advise to anyone. Exercise everyday

Of course the pandemic doesn't make it easy... I used to have a six pack and bigger muscles... But oh well... Home training is not the same as the gym... Some day I'll recover them!

{{On 28/01/2021 at 12:32 AM, girliegirl765 said:

Loved the pictures alongside. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Glad you liked them! I'll try to post more soon!

{{On 30/01/2021 at 3:52 PM, Roxanne said:

Very hot pictures! I'd love to see the entire video

}}

Thanks! I sent you a private message there, I can share that and maybe some others with you

*016*2021-01-31 17:11

Thanks everyone for your messages! It's nice to finally share this kind of things with like it!

I want to share more, but to be honest, I'm feeling a little bit conscious about my body these days... It's stupid I know... But a year ago I was so happy with my body, with muscles and abs... And now it's so hard to even keep the body defined without the gym. I'm getting more home equipment to get the body I like to have

(Yes I know, I might be a bit tough on myself, but the gym was the only think that cured my anxiety )

