Keeping Her Honest

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-06-19 12:36

Sometimes when we go out I set a challenge for myself that I will not pee whilst we are out, so essentially make a rule that public toilets are out of bounds. This can be fun as usually there is no telling how long we are going to be out, where we are going to end up and most importantly how much I will end up drinking. Sometimes this results in me getting home feeling only slightly desperate, other times I get home bursting full and almost wetting myself and on a few occasions I have had to forfeit, use a public bathroom and then accept the punishment. It’s always fun doing this with somebody else. I usually do it with my gf Alice if she comes out with us or with my twin sister Casey. However sometimes when the opportunity arises I do this challenge with my sister in law Sarah as she is into omorashi and enjoys being desperate and holding her bladder.

On Friday it was Matty’s cousins birthday, which she spent with her immediate family then yesterday she arranged to meet with her friends and other family members and go out for a meal. Myself and Matty were invited a few days ago and we said we would come. Yesterday morning we went over to drop something off at Sarah’s house and found she was on her own and she told us her gf had gone away with her parents for the weekend. We asked if she wanted to come shopping with us which she did and we spent the morning together. We found out she was going to the meal that evening and Matty offered to pick her up but then we decided it made more sense for her to just hang out with us all day rather than us drop her off and then have to go pick her up again. We grabbed some lunch and then after dropping Matty off to run some errands I drove back to her house where we hung out for a bit before she went and got showered and changed.

When she came back downstairs I couldn’t help but admire her. She is sexy as it is but she had donned a white strappy top which showed off her cleavage and a denim mini skirt which proved to be a triple threat. Not only did it make her butt look good and show off her long tanned legs, when she sat down you caught a glimpse of her sexy black knickers. She caught me looking and did a seductive pose and asked if I approved. I wolf whistled showing just how much I approved. We drove back to our house and I showered and changed. I opted for a red top and a white frilly skirt with white knickers underneath and after we were all ready we got in the car and set off.

As we were driving along she asked if I was planning to do the no pee rule. I hadn’t thought about it and before I could say anything she added “because I am, I have told my gf that if I fail she can decide a punishment for me”. I giggled and told her I would join her and and help keep her from failing. She laughed and mockingly held her up hand and said “as you two are my witness, I hereby claim that I am not allowed to pee until I get home, if I do I shall willingly accept my punishment”. We all laughed and I turned back round. As I did I caught Matty smirking at me and I knew he was looking forward to when we were heading home and I would be potentially bursting full. Knowing he was enjoying the thought coupled with my own excitement of both me and Sarah not peeing for an unknown length of time sent shivers of arousal through me.

Matty’s cousin decided she wanted to go to the Chinese Buffet which was fine by us as we love the place. All you can eat chinese food is a win for me any day. We met with everyone else then went in and once we were seated I realised that the unlimited refill soft drinks were going to really help get us both nice and full. We enjoyed the meal and enjoyed catching up with people and having a laugh. Throughout the two hours we were there I filled my glass 5 times and by the time everyone got up and started leaving I was feeling a pleasant filling sensation from my bladder. When we came out of the restaurant we parted ways with everyone and decided to walk a little way through town to a pub that Matty’s and Sarah’s Uncle owns. 

When we got there we chatted with their Uncle for a bit before going into the back room to play pool. We got a bottle of wine to share between the two us which gave us two glasses each. When we filled the second glass and the bottle was empty Matty’s uncle came and replaced with a new one. The wine coupled with the 5 glasses of lemonade was really starting to take effect and I could my desperation rising. Sarah drained her glass and cracked open the new bottle. As she poured the wine into her glass I saw her legs bob and I asked if she was okay. She looked at me with a smile and nodding said “yeah, just getting desperate for a wee”. I smiled and said “glad I’m not the only one”.

We worked our way through the second bottle of wine and as time passed both of us were showing signs of increasing desperation. When she was not taking her shot at pool she stood jiggling and crossing her legs and every so often she would bob down and let out an “oooooooo” noise. After an hour and many games of pool (we got it free as we are family) the second bottle had been emptied I was really feeling desperate. Matty asked if we wanted to head home and she said “yeah, that would be a good idea, I’m busting for a pee”. 

I watched as she jiggled as if to emphasise that she was desperate. Matty said he would walk back and get the car and then drive round and pick us up. He headed out the door and we went to say goodbye to his uncle before going to stand outside and wait. As we stood outside waiting for Matty my desperation rose suddenly and I stood crossing my legs back and forth. As I did I was treated to Sarah doing the same and chanting “need a wee, need a wee, need a wee” over and over and hearing her saying that turned me on like crazy.

After a few minutes Matty pulled up and we got in the car. I got in the back with Sarah and we set off heading for home. Now we were in the car and out of sight we were free to wiggle and squirm as much as we wanted and were able to hold ourselves between our legs. We drove along both sat with our hands pressed between our legs and both squirming as our desperation rose. The only sounds were both of us making desperate noises and hearing them turned me on. We pulled up to a red light and there wasn’t another car in sight. She noticed this and said “come on stupid light, I’m bursting for a pee and you are just holding us up”. 

I giggled but was thinking the same thing. I was feeling immense pressure on my pee hole and could feel myself getting close to dripping in my knickers. Eventually the light turned green and we continued on towards home. We drove through our town and as we were driving up the hill to our little village the sense of being almost home hit me and a dribble escaped into my knickers. I pushed my hand against my pussy to stop anymore escaping and I could feel the damp spot on my knickers. After a few minutes we pulled into our driveway and he stopped the car.

The moment the car stopped I jumped out and for a few moments pressure lifted as I got out of my sitting position but then gravity took hold and the pressure returned even stronger. I quickly walked across the drive to our front door, closely followed by Sarah. When she stopped at the front door her hand shot up her skirt and she broke out into a spectacular pee dance. The sight of her holding herself up her skirt drove me crazy and also made my own need so much worse. Matty parked up the car and as he walked over towards the door Sarah suddenly said “come on come on, i’m gonna have wet knickers if you don’t get a move on”. He laughed and slid the key into the door and unlocked. 

He stepped inside and we followed him in. I kicked off my shoes and ran up the stairs. I ran into my bedroom, threw my bag on the bed and dashed into the en-suite. As I got to the toilet I started leaking and quickly pulled them down and sat on the toilet. Immediately a powerful stream erupted from my aching pee hole and I let out a huge sigh as relief washed over me. As I sat enjoying the wonderful feeling of my bladder emptying I heard a door close and figured it was Sarah going into the main bathroom. After a blissful couple of minutes my bladder emptied and I stood up and pulled up my knickers enjoying the feeling of the wetness on them from where I had leaked.

I walked back downstairs and was shocked to find Sarah stood at the bottom with her hand still up her skirt dancing like mad and I realised it was Matty who must be in the other bathroom. Suddenly something flashed across my mind and I smiled to myself. I reached the bottom of the stairs and stood watching her dance and moan in desperation. “I hope Matty isn’t long, I’m nearly having an accident” she said, moaning and looking up the stairs. I smirked as my mind went into overdrive. I walked over to her and said “it doesn’t matter how long Matty is”. 

She looked at me puzzled and I continued “earlier you said, and I quote “I hereby claim that I am not allowed to pee until I get home” did you not?”. She looked at me and before she could say anything I looked around and said “and you are not home yet, therefore you are not allowed to pee yet”. She looked at me open mouthed and said “noooo I didn’t mean that, I just meant until we were back home”. I shook my head and said “you said until I get home and that means your house, I also said I would help you not to fail so therefore I refuse you permission to use our bathroom”. She looked at me in shock then smiled and said “fine, but you best take me home quick otherwise I am going to pee all over your floor”. I winked at her we waited for Matty to come downstairs.

When he did we went outside and got into the car and set off. As we drove along she sat next to me moaning and squirming and holding herself. “I hate you” she said glaring at me. Knowing how much she loves been denied the bathroom and made to keep holding I knew she did anything but hate me and either way I was enjoying her immense desperation too much. As we drove along she suddenly gasped and said “oh god it's dribbling out, hurry up”. She kept gasping each time a dribble escaped and then suddenly she moaned out and she pulled her skirt up and plunged her hand into her knickers. The sight made my arousal sky rocket and I could only watch as she pushed her fingers directly onto her pussy. 

In the ten minutes it took us to get to her house she leaked a few more times and the moment we stopped at the end of her driveway she jumped out and quickly shouted asking if I wanted to come in. Matty said he would wait and I got out and followed her up the drive. I watched her dancing on her doorstep looking in her bag and then suddenly she looked at me and winked. I wondered what she winked for then she said “I’m technically home, I am in my garden” and before I could say anything there was a splashing noise and I looked down to see a stream of pee pouring out from under her skirt. She sighed happily and I stared as she wet herself in front of me. The pee streaming and snaking down her legs was beautiful and I found my pussy throbbing with arousal. Eventually the stream died down and finished and then she continued opening her door as if nothing had happened.

I followed her inside watching her wet butt wiggling and followed her into her kitchen. Without warning she walked over to her washing machine and started stripping off. She stripped down to her underwear, throwing each item of clothing into the machine as she went. The sight of her in her pee soaked knickers was so nice and after admiring that scene for a moment she slid them off and threw them into the machine as well. She told me to wait and I watched her naked form walk past and head upstairs. She came back a few minutes later in her pajamas and thanked me for bringing her home. She asked if I wanted a drink but I said I best get home. We talked for a bit making arrangements for today as we are surprising her’s and Matty’s dad for Father’s day and with a hug we said goodbye and I walked past her puddle and got in the car.

I sat for a moment replaying the image over and over in my mind. The stream coming from under her skirt, her sexy butt in wet knickers, her sexy desperation dance. I was suddenly brought back to reality but a feeling and I realised I needed to pee. Being caught up in her desperation had obviously distracted me from my bladder but then I realised I had consumed a lot of liquid and I had broken the seal. As we set off back towards home I realised I was actually quite desperate and my bladder was filling fast. After five minutes the wines effect on my weakened bladder had sent me from desperate for a pee to busting for a pee and I was jiggling and squirming in my seat as my desperation rose rapidly. It continued to rise and without warning I started dripping and dribbling into my knickers.I grabbed myself and realised Matty was watching me. The drips soon turned to leaks and I was amazed how fast my desperation had risen.

As we drove through our little village I started spurting and knew I was close to having an accident. We pulled into our drive and the moment the car stopped I got out and the sudden motion of me standing up made me spurt like crazy and before I could stop it my pee hole burst open and pee poured into my knickers. I pulled up my skirt and leaned on the car as the stream grew in strength and splashed all over the floor. I looked round and found Matty staring at me with lust in his eyes. I finished peeing and let my skirt fall down. When we got inside he sat down on the stairs and said “show me”. I looked at him and the growl in his voice made me go weak. He looked at me and growled “I said show me….show me your wet knickers you naughty girl”. I winked and pulled up my skirt and I could see in the mirror by the door they had gone see through with the wetness. We went upstairs and I am sure you can use your imaginations to work out what happened next.

