Tubing the river turns into swimsuit pissstravaganza 🤣

Author: Guest

*000*2024-06-26 21:43

I just have to preface by saying this story was 10 years ago so I may be a little foggy but here goes nothing.

3 couples (myself and my ex included) and one single friend all got a cabin in a local state park area. We were all early 20s and were trying to party all weekend. First day was just fun and drinking, nothing eventful, but day 2 or 3 was the day we would all go to the river for a few hours and float downstream while drinking the whole time.

We had already pre-gamed before we left and I think all 4 young women had already broken the seal before even getting in the water. My ex (5 foot 8, skinny blonde with a great ass and legs) was the first to get desperate, she knew of and had participated in my fetish already. So we go a little in to the woods and she quickly squats and lets out a full stream through her swimsuit on shore then casually gets back in the water and floats away as if nothing happened just to tease me.

Next up was her roommate (5 foot 5 sexy blonde with an even better ass) and she inexplicably stood above the water so you could see her piss stream through her swimsuit hit the water. I was absolutely shook, could not believe my luck. I think she had known of my fetish because of my gf and would tease me like that a few times after that day too, but that's all speculation..

Somehow then the one solo girl (5 foot 5 kinda chubby and not that hot) decided to follow suit for some reason and go on shore to piss thru her swimsuit. I couldn't believe what was happening. This girl did something similar like 3 more times that day and I think she was realizing she liked it. Even after we got out of the river she pissed through her swimsuit one more time in a parking lot before getting on a bus.

I'm almost positive there were more wettings from each girl that day but I can only recall those ones. Good thing I could float face down all day. My boner was probably ruining my aerodynamics 🤣🤣

