Peeing during my online college lectures

Author: Guest

*000*2022-09-08 02:24

So, this one is less of an experience rather than me admitting something, so i'm still in college, and still regularly have online lessons and lectures, the lockdown for me came in March 2020, and was when I was in year 10, Ive been wetting myself in these lessons regularly ever since my very first one, and im starting year 13 now, sometimes even multiple times per day or even per lecture or lesson, I just love it, I'm sure this isn't a new thing or anything, but I just love it so much, I couldnt not include it in the top 3 thing im doing to kickstart my presence here. I think my most favourite part about the whole thing is like, I have a system where I've wet myself in every piece of clothing I own, its like a omo pokedex, every new clothing item ive bought has been first used in online lessons.

Everything i currently own that is worn on my bottom half has been wet in this scenario, and everything i buy from now until I stop getting online work and lessons will be wet in them. Some of my more notable outfits have been clothes that my boyfriend at the time gave me and cosplays, I have a D.Va bodysuit, a Zero suit samus body suit, a rosalina biker suit cosplay, and also things like a maid outfit and a few school uniforms (my own school uniform and a few cosplay ones from animes, most notably love live.) It just feels great, Its easily my favourite thing to do, I initially started off slowly as i was a bit nervous about it, but I quickly grew into it more and more.

Since this was a much shorter one, i figured i might as well describe myself, so you can picture my experiences a bit better, so I have German and Spanish heritage, I have blue eyes and wavy, night black hair, i either wear it in a messy bun or let down and free, with my fringe either parted or pushed to my left side. I'm a C cup, I have a muscly torso from my years of sports and fitness, in the sense that its flat and quiet firm to the touch, my arms arent super muscular, specifically my forearms and my hands are quite small.

But my biceps and triceps are decently sized, my legs are somewhat thick as they are very muscular, soft when untensed but very hard when I tense, easily the biggest and strongest part of my body, my bum is somewhat large for my body size because of my muscle, Im short sighted so I have glasses, which are just some silver, rectangle frames, my nails usually have acrylic extensions on and are usually painted red or black, I have piercings too, ears and lip, my face is clear, small ish nose, full ish lips, typical Spanish girl eyes as my dad is Spanish. My actual figures are as follows, 163cm, 67kg. hope this helps.

