Impromtu First-Time Wet

Author: Guest kanalisieren

*000*2015-01-07 06:20

I've always been interested in this kink for a really long time, but it's been left at simple fantasies until tonight.

I had had some friends over, and in the interest of spending as much time with them as possible before they had to leave, I opted to hold my pee instead of going to the bathroom. After eating a little dinner and having about half of a medium-sized Coke, along with the several cups of water I had drank before we left, I was really bursting. To make things better, the temperature has been absolutely frigid where I am, so it felt like my bladder had shrunk a few sizes.

As I stood at my front door, waving my friends goodbye, I realized this would be the perfect time to try wetting. I was already desperate but the idea of warming myself that way made it seem even more enticing.

So I decided I would make things as hard on myself as possible. I resolved to not let myself go until I had finished all the little tasks I had made for myself. First, I had to change out of my street clothes. Again, since it was so cold, I was wearing a lot of layers, and I always have to nicely fold them up and put them away. My pajamas were on the other side of the room and since I've got a weird thing about 'efficiency,' I decided I wasn't going to get them until I finished the next task – getting a cup of water.

My cup was already nearby and I always need tons of water, so I fill it up periodically during the day. I left my room, clad only in my panties, and went to the refrigerator. Of course, the cold was nearly unbearable now, and I could practically feel my bladder shrink, making the desperation worse. The sound of the water pouring into the cup didn't help either, and I found myself bouncing up and down to try to alleviate some of the pressure. With that done, I was finally able to put the cup at my bedside table and retrieve my pajamas, but I wasn't entirely done.

The next step was cleaning off my makeup. My eyeliner of choice is particularly stubborn, and I wasn't going to stop until my face was completely clear of the stuff. This is where I almost lost it, hopping from foot to foot but still my muscles threatened to give way several times. I knew it was now, and completely soak the hardwood floor, or take the time to take off my pants (I'm not quite ready to ruin those) and hop in the shower.

When I finally was in the shower, it took no time at all for me to let go. I was expecting to clam up, but I was lucky enough that simply relaxing got the flow started. My thighs are really thick and so they touch, and I could feel the hot liquid running down my thighs. As the piss ran down my legs, it began dripping on the shower floor audibly, and since I have a tendency to stand on the shower drain, there was a nice puddle of pee at my feet. I shifted a bit, spreading my legs to hear more of a hissing sound, but I quickly missed that nice warmth, so I squeezed them shut again, forcing my piss to spray my inner thighs. I had drank so much it was practically clear, if it weren't for the light smell it would have just looked like I had just finished a shower.

But of course, I was too excited and my pee soon ran out. I took a couple pictures, since I had my phone handy. I was wearing some of my favorite panties, grey with turquoise polka dots. Obviously, I'm rather chubby, and I don't have experience taking pictures of myself down there, but I hope you get a kick out of the pics or at least the story.

