Wetting in front of my next door neighbor

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-05-20 00:09

This happened a few years ago. I was living with roommates in a rented suburban house, and none of us really knew any of the neighbors. Most were other renters, people moved in and out pretty often. While living there, I had a habit of going out in the backyard at night to pee, after everyone had gone to sleep. It felt so naughty to sneak off to the grass and just let go, technically in public but hidden by the darkness. Most of the time I wouldn’t wet my clothes. But that night I wanted something special.

I decided I was going to wet myself in the yard, and I wanted to be as desperate as possible to make the most of it. The thought of releasing a torrent of pee down my legs in the cool night air made me so excited. Since I needed a super full bladder, I opened some cheap wine to sip while I waited. I didn’t want to be fully drunk, just tipsy enough to make it harder to hold, and make me pee a lot when I inevitably lost control. While I drank I got dressed up in a light pink bra and tank top, black miniskirt, and lacy pink panties. Then the important piece: light blue thigh-high stockings. They were made of thick cotton, so they would absorb any wetness quickly and show a very visible dark patch. I felt a little bit fluttery just pulling them up my legs.

When I finished getting dressed I drank a lot of water, then settled in at my computer to pass the time. I kept slowly drinking my wine, and I felt myself getting slightly flushed and turned on, knowing what I was planning to do. As I played around online my bladder started filling quickly, and it didn’t take long to feel my first urge to pee. I squirmed a little but mostly ignored it. Time passed and I got deeply into whatever I was doing online, forgetting about my need to pee for a while. I eventually stood up to stretch, and quickly shoved my hand between my legs as I felt a surge of desperation. All the liquid I’d been drinking had finally caught up. My bladder felt hard and heavy, and I had to dance a little to keep from leaking into my panties.

I wasn’t quite on the verge of wetting myself yet, but I wanted to be prepared, so I went outside to finish my hold on the porch. I sat down on the steps and bounced my legs, squirming around and pressing my pussy against the concrete. Everything felt so cold at night. It made me shiver, and I could feel my full bladder throbbing and begging for release. I was definitely a bit drunk, and that meant by the time I felt truly desperate I would only be able to hold on for a few moments, especially out in the cold with so much skin exposed. Alcohol gives me that “need to go NOW” feeling, so I end up escalating from holding it to letting go very quickly.

It only took a few minutes on the steps before I was frantically grabbing myself, and I knew I couldn’t keep it in much longer. I stood up as carefully as I could manage and hurried to the middle of the yard, my hands pressed tight against my panties the whole way. Normally I would stick to the shadows, but in that state I didn’t think about it. This part of the yard was fairly exposed to other houses, but I was about to burst and feeling bold from the wine...

Standing in the grass, I bounced up and down and held myself tight. I was so turned on, knowing I was about to lose control at any second. My bladder was barely holding on. Suddenly, a little jet of pee hissed into my panties, soaking my hand, and I couldn’t take it anymore. I pulled my hand away and felt the wet warmth spread as I started peeing myself.

My legs shook with relief as I finally let go, but just then, I heard the sound of a door opening. I froze, my stream stopping for a moment, and looked up to see my next door neighbor walking out onto his porch. He was holding a pack of cigarettes, and he looked to be in his thirties, maybe late twenties. I was facing his house, which meant he was also facing me, about twenty feet away. I saw him glance at me with surprise and I quickly looked away, pretending to be out for a walk enjoying the night.

I tried to squeeze my muscles tight and hold it, but I couldn’t help it anymore, pee kept slowly streaming down my legs. I could feel it soaking into my stockings and I knew the wet patch was growing. I felt rooted to the spot, and just stood there silently, blushing and listening to the soft hissing sound of pee leaving my pussy. Even in this situation it felt amazing. I was tingling with excitement at the naughtiness of peeing myself out in the open with a stranger around.

I didn’t know if he was still watching, but I stayed frozen like that until there was a little puddle around my feet. I managed to regain enough control to make it look like I was casually walking back to my house, but pee kept streaming down my legs as I walked out of view. As soon as I was out of his sight I let go entirely, soaking my stockings even further as my still mostly full bladder emptied itself. It was all I could do to keep from moaning at the release and the excitement, so I quickly shook my dripping feet off and slipped into the house, my heart pounding.

Back in my room, I examined my clothes. It was exactly what I expected: my panties were sopping wet, and my light blue stockings were drenched, with a very dark patch covering my inner thighs and calves. From the front the wet spot reached halfway across each leg, it was extremely obvious that I’d peed myself. I was still blushing thinking about being seen, so I went to the shower to wash off and take care of my excitement.

I never ran into him again after that. It must have been surprising for him in the first place, to go out for a smoke and find me all alone in the moonlight in a miniskirt and stockings. I don’t know for sure if he saw my wet legs, but even if he somehow didn’t see that (it was very, very visible), he still looked directly at me while I was peeing myself It was definitely more than I planned for, but it made for an amazing memory

This was the experience I mentioned at the end of my other semi-related story:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/59496-friend%E2%80%99s-neighbor-saw-me-peeing-outside/?do=embed"

