Work Challenge

Author: gracie1807

*000*2025-07-01 07:41

One Friday at work, I was in a very mischievous mood and decided that I was going to do a hold after lunch. The challenge was - empty my bladder at noon just before eating lunch and drink at least 500ml per hour until I got home. I used to finish work at 3.30 so by the time I would get home, I should have a good 2L inside me to test my control. Work was around a 30-40min trip, with a 10min walk, around a 10 min wait for a train, 10 min train ride and about that again for the walk home. My clothing of choice was a long sleeve floral shirt and a dark pair of grey checkered smart trousers; beneath them a patterned pair of boxers.

So the challenge had begun on schedule and I had my final visit to the work toilet for that week. I began drinking steadily and was initially keeping to my quota. I had a decent amount of work to do too so I had plenty to distract myself with.

1pm - I had drunk around 600-700ml, a bit over my allocated quantity but I was washing down lunch, and it was a fairly warm day. No feeling to pee just yet, a 1/10 at most.

1.30pm - i had about 100ml of my litre bottle left so chugged it and walked over to the water fountain to refill. I felt a small ache in my bladder when I stood. “Here we go” I said to myself. My dick twinged when I heard the water fill my bottle. 3/10

2pm - now the battle was on. I was just over a litre into my water consumption and I had reached the point where I would normally go. This was the hour where I would aim to hold back a bit, maybe by 100-200ml as I was ahead. I was now looking up at the clock almost every few mins. Still not a large amount of discomfort, but I had to go. 5/10

2.45pm - Oh god, the 5 to 7 surge. Whenever I did holds, I always seemed to skip 6/10 and would jump to 7 in a few mins. The pressure hadn’t changed in over half an hour and i was debating whether I should go over my hourly quota again. Luckily, I stopped myself and soon after, the surge came. I was now in ‘stop everything and go to the toilet’ mode, if I was not normally holding. Just 45mins until finish, and hopefully I should be home in about 1hr and 20mins. We’re ok….. i think. 7/10

3pm - good, no major worries. I did now begin to feel my bladder pushing against my trousers whilst sitting at my desk. But I got around that by getting up and around the office chatting with my team as work began to slow. I didn’t need to jiggle or dance in any way, but standing was helping. But I now had to fill my water once again. Luckily for me, I was chatting to a manager at the fountain during it filling, so I missed the sound of running water. Back to my desk I went. 7/10

3.10pm - ok, i’m desperate now. Can’t sit still desperate. It’s now in full control of my brain. I can’t focus on anything else. My bladder is pushing it’s way over my trouser waist and begging for relief. I felt the odd throb from time to time. An hour, that’s all I really had to last. Cmon just an hour. I would be in an area where I wouldn’t be easily seen in an hour, so whatever happens, just get to then. If you then pee, it’s fine. I checked the train times praying my train was on time. It was for now, thank god. My boss walks in and asks me what I had planned for the weekend. We chat for a few mins but I struggle to hear what she’s saying behind the tank of pee inside me. Will I have to give up and use the toilet? See how we are at 3.30. 8/10.

3.30pm - now or never, pee and give up or see this through. I picked up my bag and walked passed the toilets. Let’s do this! I did get slight comfort in the fact both train stations I would walk through had toilets. My only issue in the last 20mins was at some point, I don’t know when, I leaked. I could feel a tiny damp patch on the end of my dick as I walked out of work, bladder now throbbing regularly. I’m good to the first station, the test is the train journey. 8/10

3.40pm - the walk to the station was fine. I was bursting but there was plenty en route to distract me. I got to the station and through the barrier, seeing my train still on time. I went down the steps to the platform, each step jigging my bladder. I deliberately soften my steps to help. Train due in 8 mins. This was going to be a long wait. I walked along the platform and I am given the ultimate test, an open door to the toilets. I could see the reflection of a urinal as I go past.

Suddenly a wave of pressure hits me. My bladder knows I am close to relief and it tells me that. I had to lean forward slightly in order to keep control. I continued walking down the platform to distract myself, but then I remember the exit at my home station is towards the back of the train, meaning I would need to go back towards the toilets in order to be close to the exit at the other end. The way my bladder was feeling, I would need to save as much time as possible. I decide to walk to the end of the long platform and turn back, as something to do. 8/10

3.45pm - train is due in 3 mins and I am now back at the toilets. The decision to go has to be now, otherwise there is no time to pee and then catch the train. It was the most difficult decision I had to make in months. I kept looking over to it, kept thinking about the sense of relief in my head. This pushed my desperation higher. I was now not able to stand still, and I think it was noticeable to others. But all of this indecision meant that the train was now in sight. My decision had been made, I’m getting on the train. 9/10

3.50pm - what have I just done? My brain is now plagued with anxiety. What if there’s a delay? What if the train breaks down? What if I pee my pants right here? My brain was going crazy at the numerous possible alternative outcomes other than getting home dry. Luckily for me, the train journey was fine, no delays or un-planned stops. I had made the decision to stand, but had contemplated sitting, just incase I peed. At least the seat would absorb some of the mess and then I can just bolt out of the train at my station. My legs were twitching. I had no free space around the waist of my trousers now. I couldn’t stand straight, and had leant against the wall of the train bent over slightly. My bladder was throbbing to the pace of my increasing heart rate. A small bead of sweat soon appeared on my forehead. I was clenching for dear life, just without physically holding with my hand, which I was desperate to do. 9/10

4pm - the train finally was slowing to a stop at the station and I made sure I was at the door first. My next decision was whether to make a break for this station’s toilet? This time however, my decision was made much simpler. I thought "I've come this far, I can last”. Also, once I was out of the station, I was mere minutes from being on the part of my walk home that was very quiet, so if the floodgates opened, I could get by without being seen, or at least be able to detour around people.

The train came to a stop and I pressed the open door button repeatedly. They opened and I was off as soon as the door was wide enough. The problem was, in my haste I landed on the platform a bit too hard with my right leg and I felt a small squirt of pee enter my boxers. My rush off meant for a split second I forgot about the balloon of hot piss in my gut desperate to escape, and some of it did. Luckily, it was the smallest amount, and on a glance downward, no external damage had been done. I looked over towards the station toilet as I walked to the stairs, with people coming in and out. I briefly imagined their sense of relief and wish I could have had mine. Climbing the stairs was agony. Every leg raise put pressure on my solid bladder. But I made it outside. Right turn, 2 min walk, then partial safety. 9.5/10.

4.05pm - I was off the main street at last. But I wanted to make it home obviously. I had an uphill section of about 3 mins, then about 5 mins from there, depending on how fast I was walking, which by now was very quick. I began the small incline and my dick was twitching. It was begging for me to let the pee out of it. I had to resort to desperate measures, so my left hand went in my pocket and I grabbed hold of it. I only ever need to grab my dick when pee is trying to escape. And it was making a good attempt at doing so, but I wanted to feel in control. I could feel the dampness of my previous leeks through the pocket lining. By now every step was torture. I whispered out loud to myself “I think I only have a couple of minutes tops” as I walked past a pub, the final possible toilet before home.

4.08pm - I had reached the top of the hill, it was flat from here on out, at least to my building anyway. But as I turned the corner, I was hit by a wave of pressure that surged down my bladder, and up my dick. The pee was making a run for my pants. I stopped suddenly, jolted my body forward and squeezed my dick, hand still in my pocket. I was now at full capacity. The last time I was this full, I had 2 minutes until the dam burst. I stood back up as far as I’d dare, glanced around to see if anyone had seen, and continued walking, my dick now being crushed by my hand. I gently poked my bladder with my free hand, and I may as well have poked a brick wall it was that hard. I took about 10 more steps and the wave died down. I was able to walk with relative normality again. My hand had now come out of my pocket as it was getting numb through the squeezing. Luckily, no more leaks or waves, so now my eyes were fully set on getting back to my flat, quick! 10/10

4.10pm - i must have walked about another 100m when all of a sudden…. bsh. A small but powerful jet of pee entered my pants. I stopped again. This time not having enough time to get my hand in my pocket, I immediately grabbed my dick outside of my trousers, my free hand resting against a wall. I stood frozen for about 5 seconds, squeezing my throbbing dick. I then let off a small amount of pressure to try and keep walking…. bsh…. bsh…. Two more spurts escaped. There was now a visible grapefruit size wetpatch on my trousers. I then hear two people crossing the road and heading in my direction.

“Shit, I have to move, I can’t let them see me” I wimpered to myself. As i began walking I clenched onto my dick once again. Worried that I may be seen, I took my hand off my dick and broke out into a power walk. I took another 10 paces near enough walking on my tip toes trying with every last muscle I had left. I wimpered loudly “ahh… shit… ahhhhhh… fuck fuck fuckkkkkk………… AHHHHHHH”. Then….. BSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.

5 seconds of what felt like a hose pipe unleashed into my pants. The pressure was so high it hissed against the inside of my boxers and began flowing out of the front of my trousers, all whilst walking as quickly as I could. I grabbed my dick again but was still walking as the two people were still behind me. I was now just a minute from the building. Still walking and still squeezing. I rounded the corner into my estate, and took my hand off my dick once again, not to be seen by anyone in the block of flats. I felt a slight relief of my bladder from the last few leaks, but my bladder muscles were now shot.

As I approached the door to my building, i spurted on each step I took. Bsh bsh bsh bsh bsh. More pee squirting into my boxers, more pee shooting out of my trousers. By this point, my trousers were soaked inside my legs down to just below my knees. I grabbed my dick once again as I unlocked the door. I was now not letting go until I was ready to fully empty. I climbed the 2 flights of stairs to my front door, back down to an 8/10 now. But at my front door I got that ‘near the toilet’ surge in my bladder. Pee once again was trying to escape from me, my muscles now spasming in weakness. The grip on my dick tightened again as I was able to stop the escape. I got in the door, and shot straight into the bathroom.

As I began undoing my button, pee was beginning to escape again. I managed to get my dick out out my pants a split second too late and I sprayed pee over the wall next to the toilet as I pointed my dick to the toilet bowl where I finally found relief. The pee shot out of me and the relief was incredible. My knees wobbled and my legs nearly buckled. I must have peed for well over a minute. I sighed about 3 times in ecstacy. It was the closest I ever came to a ‘peegasm’! When I was finally done, I pulled my boxers back up and buttoned up my trousers, both soaked. 0/10

4.15pm - a picture was taken of the damage.

I am very glad that I didn’t buckle at the pressure to use one of the toilets en route. This hold was amazing. I never got to do another hold in that job. My next goal was to do the same but absolutely no dick holding was allowed. Maybe again soon!

&&

