Peed while playing PSVR

Author: Gamerman

*000*2017-08-30 23:42

Its been so long since I have posted on here im glad i'm back on. This stoyry was last week and i thought i should share it with everyone.

Friday of last week I had gotten off of work and came home to shower and relax and take my usual nap i do everyday for a few hours. So I did just that and woke up around 9:30ish, still wanting to sleep but didnt wanna sleep a perfectly good friday away. I got up and put on some shorts and a shirt and noticed i woke up really needing to pee, but figured i could find a fun way to wet somehow. After a few minutes of flipping through youtube videos i decided to go on the Playstation store and see what new games came out for the PSVR. As i was searching through i saw Paranormal Activity was finally out! So of course i bought it right then and let it download. About 20 minutes later when it was finished downloading and updating i set up my VR headset and move controllers. I drank a Dr. Pepper so i could try and make myself a little more desperate before i start.

After it was done i Doned my headset and started the game. It took me about 10 minutes to go through the confusing tutorial on the controls and by then i really had to pee after. (I dont want to spoil the game for anyone who wants to play it so i will keep the descriptions of the game at a minimum) I walked up to empty house to read a note that was on the door. I had to find the key to open the front door. So as i am looking around, i had a huge urge to pee now, so i was literally there holding myself with one hand and trying to squat down and grab the key with the other. It was a very difficult thing to do.

After i got the key i went inside and suddenly had this chill run down my neck. (Mind you i had the lights off and my room was already cold, by myself and earbuds in for the full affect) i started walking around the house looking for the next place to go when i started to feel my bladder give in a bit and the warmth of the pee creep into my briefs. I then stopped and held myself for a second to try and hold it a bit.

After about a couple seconds i stopped and was able to hold it again. I continued to look around with my flashlight when i heard a noise behind me in the closet. I stood still for a second and looked behind me with my flashlight pointing at the closet, when suddenly my flashlight glitched and was in my face infront of me. I flipped S*** and felt the warm wet patch on my shorts grow at a fast rate. I grabbed myself and held it in after a long stream went into my shorts and realized it was my damn flashlight. I laughed a bit and continued on my journey. I was still really desperate at this point and knew i still had alot of pee in my bladder, but i continued and went about my way. I saw 2 doors to the living room open so i went through slowly. Looking around to make sure nothing jumps out at me. 

In the middle of doing so a little girl runs down the stairs and tosses a book on the floor and runs back up super loud and sudden. I freak the hell out and felt my hand start to get wet and warm as i start peeing. I stood there and relaxed a bit and just let a nice long stream out and into my shorts before taking my hand away and wiping it on my towel. I got back into the scene and just relaxed my bladder muscles feeling the warmth grow as i just kept playing and a big puddle forming on the floor below me. After about a minute i finished peeing but didnt even bother to try to look at the damage because i knew it was a full soaking of my shorts. So i just kept playing, in my wet shorts and standing in my puddle i had just made until about 20 minutes later when i decided to take a break from the game and clean up and change.

This had to be one of the funnest wettings ive done in a while and i plan on doing something like this again soon. Hope you guys enjoyed the story. Sorry its a bit long. Tell me what you think through comments or message. Thanks!

*002*2017-09-03 18:26

{{13 hours ago, FluffyOmorashi said:

Great story!! Sounds like a fun time with the game and wetting!! n_n

}}

It is lol might do it tonight, we shall see

