Just a bit of fun

Author: Ghostofomopast

*000*2016-09-19 11:16

Hey yall im not the best writer around hence why ibdont share much, but...

Tonight i decided to do some bladder exercise. I met with some friends around 7 for the football game, finishing off one 12oz can of drink. I followed it with another during thebgame along with a few shots of jack daniels.

After we ventured to a local gas station were i proceded to purchased 2 milk pints, 3 energy drinks and two coffee drinks. We left there to meet at a different friends house to chill about fr a while. At this point I was maybe at a 2/10, side effects of a large bladder. During the time spent at my friends, I finished both milk pints and one of the coffee drinks. Around 2:30 we departed going our seperate ways to our individual housing locations. By the time i arrived home I was probably at a 5 mabye 6/10.

I jumped online to assist one of the people i was with earlier on a game, both polishing the second coffee drink and starting an energy drink.(Unfortanutly my body doesnt have the lovely side effects of being awoken by it.) I stepped out to have a smoke during a breaking point feeling the cool air brush on me. Thus making me realise i was no longer riding that 5/6 level anymore and had jumped up to an 8/9.

Going back to my seat i was no longer able to keep 100% concentration on said game and was shifting uncomfortably. Being determined to finish a level before calling it a night, i pressed onwards. Upon completion of said level my buddy went to bed, i finished my second of three energy drinks and went for another smoke.

During my smoke, and the lovely cooling of the night it made my bladder spasm and i lost a second of pee. Giving my crotch a squeeze i regained control, finished my smoke and went back inside.

Unfortunatly I live with other people and dont get to enjoy a full on wetting, so i retired to the restroom to alleviate my bladder of its contents.

My end time for my hold was around 6am, so just shy of a 12 hour hold.

Like i said in the beginning im not the strongest writer so I shall leave you with a picture, and welcome comments.

