Was I About To Burst In Front Of Her?

Author: gracie1807

*000*2025-07-30 21:20

Whilst trying to think back to times where my bladder was being tested, I was reminded of the time I found myself bursting next to a girl I was dating. I was in my early 20s and I had never really personally played around with holding at that point, but was very much into seeing women do it.

I had stayed over at Charlotte’s after we had been out drinking one Saturday night. I woke up on the Sunday morning with Charlotte lying next to me awake on her phone. I was immediately alerted to my incredibly full bladder which had taken in the last remaining drinks from the night before and now was begging for relief. I had never felt pressure like this in my bladder before. I was very desperate indeed, an 8/10 at least. Just as I was about to get up, I heard a movement in water through the wall of Charlotte’s bedroom which joined onto the bathroom. “Is your Mum in the bath?” I asked. “Yes” she replied. “She won’t be too long, I really need a wee”.

Shit. I can’t give my bladder the relief it’s begging for. What’s more, I am now in a queue! I felt a wave of pressure surrounding my bladder which was now stretching the waistband of my boxers, the only piece of clothing I had on. I didn’t have that long, especially as I have never been this full before, so I didn’t actually know how far I could go. I gingerly reply to Charlotte “yeah me too”.

Now on a normal day I would have teased her by pushing on her bladder and tickling her, but I couldn’t risk her retaliating and doing the same to me. I laid there for a minute, hoping “she won’t be long” meant she was about to get out. But there didn’t sound like there was going to be any movement. I grabbed my phone to distract me.

The distraction wasn’t working. The room was silent and the only thing I could hear was the small movements of Charlotte’s mum in the bath water. It was making my bladder throb. I started occasionally rubbing my dick under the covers to try and get some relief, but that wasn’t working either. The end of my dick was now moist.

The minutes passed. The only way I knew it was a minute was my phone’s clock. Because other than that, every minute felt like 10. I could feel one of Charlotte’s crossed legs shaking from her desperation. I joined in. Again, no real relief. It was bad enough waiting for her mum to leave, but knowing I wasn’t going to be first in, that was torture. I was on the brink of asking Charlotte if I could go ahead of her, when all of a sudden the plug was pulled and the bath began to drain. What hit me was a really weird mixture of feelings. Part of me hailed “thank god” but the other part was now clinging on for dear life at the sound of the water running out of the bath. A wave of pressure hit me again and shot me to a 9/10, with surges that nearly made me leak 3 times in the space of 20 seconds. Under the covers my left hand had a tight grip on my dick, the first time I have ever had to physically hold on to stop peeing.

“Get out, for fuck sake get out” I was silently begging. I really wanted to tell Charlotte about how bad I was doing, but I didn’t want the embarrassment. The water was running out of the bath but the door was not opening. Every second ticking by was agony. Eventually, about 2 minutes after the water began running, the bathroom door opened. No sooner, Charlotte flung the covers off of her and sped out of the bedroom. “Oh my fucking god” I whispered to myself as I was finally alone. I slid over to her side of the bed and sat on the edge at the bottom of the bed. I needed to be as far away from the wall as possible so I didn't hear Charlotte pee.

She shut the door and about 3 seconds later was on the toilet and peeing, with it gushing into the toilet bowl. My attempt to avoid hearing her didn’t work. All of a sudden I felt pee shooting up my dick. “SHIT!” I said and I shot to my feet, grabbing my dick as I stood. I had leaked. My FIRST EVER adult leak. I panicked. I thought that was it, I was gonna pee my pants in Charlotte’s bedroom. I quickly scanned the floor to find my clothes as I thought I’d have to run out of the house and never look back. Luckily, I regained control. I looked down at my boxers and a small wet patch appeared.

“Bottle, find a bottle, there must be one in here”. I scurried around the room, dick in hand hunched over trying to find a container to at least let some of the pressure off. But there was nothing. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” I whimpered quietly. Charlotte was still peeing full force in the toilet. I very nearly bolted to the kitchen, the sink seemed my only solution. But just as I was about to, Charlotte was finishing. I now didn’t have time to get to the kitchen and back without being caught, not to mention I could have been caught by her mum.

Charlotte flushed and I was now leaning over hand resting against the wardrobe, my bladder screaming at 10/10, my other hand clenching my throbbing dick. I stood there with my legs shaking for what felt like an eternity. Charlotte was now washing her hands. “Cmon Charlotte hurry up”.

The door finally opened. As it did, I shot back to the bed. I didn’t want her seeing me like this. I sat back on the edge of the bed and played it cool, hands resting by my side. Charlotte walked in and as she clocked eyes with me I silently gasped. I’d leaked again. And once again I panicked. Was I just about to pee myself on Charlotte’s bed, in front of her?

Luckily, it just stayed as a leak. I shot to my feet and passed Charlotte on my way out saying “my turn” as I did so. I flew into the bathroom, barely closing the door. I took my dick was out of my boxers halfway to the toilet as I had started peeing. By some miracle, I got the pee into the toilet. I’d made it. I was in full flow at the toilet, thank god! I sighed with relief, more at just the fact I didn’t have an accident in front of a girl I liked. It was the closest I ever came to having an accident as an adult. My future close calls would be from intentional holds, this was certainly not intentional!

I finished up and headed back into Charlotte’s bedroom, covering the slightly visible wet patch on my boxers. I got into bed and signed loudly. Now Charlotte had no interest in my pee fetish, so I was surprised when she brought the topic up.

“I nearly wet myself just then” she told me. “I made it with seconds to spare, and here, look”. She lifted the covers to show a small wet patch on the crotch of her white knickers. I giggled. I thought it was only fair to be honest with her. “I nearly did too”, showing her my wet patch. “Oh my god really?” She responded. I then told her everything I did and thought about when she was in the bathroom.

“Thanks for not weeing in my kitchen sink!” She said.

