Today was my first ever involuntary accident!

Author: Guest

*000*2023-07-18 08:18

Good Evening Everyone!

So today I was really horny and in the mood for a hold this morning so I decided to plan it out. My original intention was for me to start a hold while watching a movie and to see if I'd last if I got through the whole thing. So I waited till dark as that is when everyone is finally asleep, that way I am able to start a hold in confidence that way someone won't just catch me in the act.

So anyway I started to drink a can of coke I had and 2 glasses of water to start, and begun the movie "challenge". Throughout the movie (it was only like an hour and 20 minutes) I felt my bladder fill up and leaked a little toward the end thus succeeding in my "challenge". However once the movie was finished I felt daring and lit a candle, and until that candle went out I wouldn't be able to use the toilet 😉. 

After around an hour of waiting (I was watching South Park for most of it lol), I was feeling really desperate and felt like I seriously needed to go. So I got up from my recliner chair and leaked a little. Though eventually I got a bright idea! I thought, "well screw the dumb candle, although therapeutic, I want to see just how long I can hold it before involuntarily bursting without my control" So I did just that, I waited for around an hour, drinking water in between, to build up more desperation and eventually it got to the point where I started feeling some pain . Once I felt this it was only a matter of time before my accident would begin...

Throughout this whole thing though I have been trying small "challenges" to keep myself occupied as, now with the added pain and desperation I was no longer able to pay attention to South Park lol. So I leaked a couple of times but after awhile it dried up. So eventually I relaxed myself, as I seriously wanted to have a real "involuntary accident" seeing as I've never done it before and stopped caring about whether or not I would wet my floor or not! (He He >:^) So that was when I knew it was going to happen. I begun to feel numb in certain places around my body and really felt a strong sense of urgency like I have never felt before and was like "Ok I really go to take the rest of this to the shower before I really have an accident on my floor". I started getting violently horny lol and rushed to the shower quickly before what I knew was eventually going to happen....

So eventually I arrive at the bathroom and lock the door shut, I won't lie I definitely felt scared about someone waking up in the middle of the night and knocking on the door to use the restroom so I was not 100% in the best of head spaces but eventually I hop into the bathtub and I made my decision to squat down and well.... As soon as I squatted down I felt a strong force come over me, my muscles entirely weaken, and my head went numb as I begun to wet my shorts completely. There was no use in stopping it as I couldn't physically stop my accident and I bursted quickly and wet myself completely in a matter of seconds. 

As soon as I was done and my muscles were able to be moved again I peed 95% of my bladder out and wet my pants. There was piss all over my legs, feet, ass, thighs and of course my crouch hehe. I was violently horny afterwards but also in complete shock of what I did! I sprinted back to my room, hoping no one would see me, and played with myself with a vibrator and eventually had an orgasm 😜. Then I cleaned up, showered and changed and placed my piss filled shorts and panties inside a Ziploc bag.

Overall, for a first time involuntary wetting, this was amazing and euphoric! Everything about it was amazing and I loved every minute of it. I have a lot of experience with wetting in my past and have been a lurker on this forum for years, but I am thrilled that this is my first post!

Till later,

- Nightsky

P.S I attached a photo of the "aftermath" 🙂

&&

