Gemmy's Holiday Desperation (Experiences and Sightings)

Author: Gemmy

*000*2019-02-08 20:31

I have shared a few sightings I had over the Holiday period and I have some more to share but the thread where I was sharing them got taken over so I am starting a new one to update with other sightings I had plus some stories involving me and my husband and gf. I will post the ones from the other thread here first so they are all collated. Hope you guys enjoy ?

*001*2019-02-08 20:43

On Christmas Day and New Years our family and friends all have their own things going on, their own families and plans so usually during the week in between my brother in law usually throws a big party at his house for family, friends and pretty much whoever, as far as he is concerned the more the merrier so there usually ends up being quite a lot of people and its always fun to meet new people. He has quite a big house and the downstairs is made up of multiple rooms so there is plenty of space for everyone.

There is also a downstairs bathroom so there is no reason for anyone to go upstairs and the way his house is the main bathroom is downstairs but then each bedroom upstairs has en suite. This means that to get to the bathrooms upstairs you would have to go through peoples bedrooms which when then is a bathroom downstairs there is no need for that so he employs the rule that there is zero reason for anyone to be going upstairs so he keeps upstairs private and usually blocks off the stairs to make that clear. This year it was stacked up with crates containing cans and bottles of all kinds of beer. Obviously with lots of drinking, plenty of people and one bathroom it leads to queues, which is always fun ?

We got there pretty early on and helped with putting out decorations and food and then settled in to enjoy the evening as people started to arrive. As usual there were lots of our family and friends. Then as usual there were people who I didn't know (work friends, friends of friends etc) and pretty soon there were plenty of people and with the drinks flowing and the music playing there was a great atmosphere. For a while the bathroom situation was fine, the odd person using it and mostly been unoccupied but pretty soon as people were drinking and breaking the seal a queue started to form, and the best part I always find is at house parties people always seem to wait until they are really desperate before heading there.

The first sighting of the evening was a tall blonde woman in black jeans and a red top who I found out worked with my sister in law. For a while she had been stood in the kitchen talking and was gradually getting more fidgety and crossing her legs back and forth and at one point the guy she was talking to asked if she was okay and she said that she needed a wee and would go in a minute. She kept fidgeting for about five more minutes before putting down her glass and saying "sorry to break off I really need to go for a wee". She headed out of the kitchen to the bathroom and a few minutes later I saw her in the living room talking to someone else. Watching her fidget had made me realise my own need to go having not been since I left home, I finished off my conversation and my drink and then headed to the bathroom. When I got there I found a small queue of 3 people and joined it.

After a few minutes the blonde woman appeared behind me and "oh gosh there's still a queue". I looked at her and said "yeah unfortunately". She said she had found a queue before when she came and decided to wait for it to go down which it had but now she was bursting so had better wait. She certainly looked it, she stood jiggling her legs and crossing them as the people ahead of me went in one by one. When I was next in line I decided to take pity on her and told her she could go next as she looked like she needed to go more than I did. She thanked me and moved to stand by the door. When the bathroom came free she rushed inside and came out a couple of minutes later looking much more relieved and said "phew, I needed that, thanks for letting me go ahead". I couldn't help but wonder how close she had been and what would have happened had I not been so nice.

*002*2019-02-08 21:05

Having used the bathroom and broken the seal I knew that the wine I was drinking would soon have me needing to pee again and unlike others I didn't mind the idea of being desperate and finding a queue. I ended up watching some people play a game and when they had finished was invited to play so I sat down and started playing. There were a few of us playing, one of which was a young brunette girl, wearing a Christmas Jumper and a short skirt, who I knew was friends with my niece. 

As we were playing I was feeling the need to wee and figured once we finished I would go to the bathroom. As the game went on I noticed the brunette girl also seemed fidgety, when it was her turn she would play and then whilst waiting for her go to come round again she would sit back in her chair and fidget and I guessed she too was feeling the growing need. By the time we got to the end of the game I was pretty desperate and excused myself from the table by saying "that was fun guys but I really need a wee so I won't play again right now".

As I stood up the brunette girl said "yeah me too, been waiting for the game to finish and now I'm busting". We helped reset the game for the next people who wanted to play and I headed through to the bathroom. When I got there there were a couple of people waiting, including one of the guys who had been watching us play. He looked pretty desperate, standing against the wall tapping his feet and fidgeting. Just as I joined the queue behind him the brunette girl and moaned when she saw us queuing. She joined behind me and immediately crossed her legs and bent forward exclaiming that she really needed a wee and laughing saying why was there always a queue when you were bursting. We all laughed and started talking about the game.

Eventually the guy was next in line and when the bathroom came free he went inside leaving me and the brunette squirming and crossing our legs. She suddenly grabbed herself for a quick moment and doing an exaggerated pee dance and said "I hope he hurry's up, I'm absolutely busting for a wee". I nodded and said "I know the feeling". She smiled and said "ahhh, you were like me then, waiting for the game to be over before leaving....I do that a lot and always end up nearly having an accident because I wait too long". I nodded in agreement, trying to ignore how arousing that thought was. Eventually the guy came out and I dashed inside and relieved myself before leaving and letting the brunette get her relief too. When she came back to get her drink she smiled at me and said "that feels so much better".

*004*2019-02-08 21:20

A little later on I encountered a scenario that I always find interesting. In general I love when people make a choice between peeing and doing something else. Probably my favourite one of these moments is people choosing to smoke before they pee. I love situations where someone has to pee but goes to smoke first and then they end up stood pee dancing whilst trying to quickly to finish their cigarette. I got myself some food and ended up sat at the table with my husbands cousin, sister and a blonde woman, wearing a long denim top and black leggings, and her husband.

In conversation I found out that the guy worked with my brother in law which is how they came to be here. I sat for a while nibbling at my food and enjoying the conversation. After while of being sat there the conversation had more moved to being between me and my family members and the couple were talking amongst themselves. The guy stood up and said he was going to go for a smoke and asked his wife is she was coming. She said she would she just had to go to the bathroom first. She headed out and immediately came back, telling her husband there were people waiting and she would go after.

We continued our conversation and then I took my empty plate into the kitchen to dispose of and whilst there I went to the fridge to get another drink. As I was in the kitchen I could see people sat outside on the patio smoking and talking and amongst them was the blonde woman and there no mistaking that she needed to pee. She was holding a cigarette in one hand and her drink in the other and was jiggling her legs back and forth. I smiled to myself thinking about how people often did that, choosing to smoke over peeing and took my drink back to the table. My bladder had been steadily filling whilst sat at the table and having stood my need definitely felt worse. I put my drink down and told my sister in law I was just going to the toilet.

She stood up and said she would come too. When we went out to where the bathroom was there was a girl and a guy waiting in line. We joined behind them and just chatted away whilst we waited. Not long after the girl went in and the guy in front of us joined our conversation. Just as he did the blonde woman appeared through the doorway and came and stood behind us. She looked liked she had outside and stood gently jiggling her legs and talking to us. As the bathroom came free and the guy went in she crossed her legs and moaned "I really need a wee". I was shocked at the sudden outburst and figured she must have been embarrassed saying something in front of the guy. Now he was out of sight her jiggling got worse and in and amongst our conversation she kept saying aloud that she needed to wee badly.

When the guy came out and headed back into the party my sister in law and I both went in together as we are comfortable together. As we did the woman laughed and said "wooo, at least I am next now.....just please don't be long". I nodded and smiled at her as I closed the door. I went to the toilet and pee'd, enjoying the wonderful feeling of emptying my bladder. When I had finished I sorted myself out and then went over to the sink whilst my sister in law went. I washed my hands and went and stood by the door waiting for her. I could hear the woman outside talking to someone and saying how desperate she was. Eventually when my sister in law had finished we left the bathroom and she thanked us before dashing in. It always makes me smile when I know someone has gotten that desperate to pee because of choosing to smoke first.

*005*2019-02-08 21:42

After leaving the bathroom I went looking for my husband and found him sat outside on the patio talking to some people and after I sourced a drink I went out and sat with him and joined the conversation. After a while of sitting out there my husband's cousin came out and headed over to us. He sat down opposite us and proceeded to roll some cigarettes whilst he talked to us. He smoked one of his roll ups and then sat back enjoying the conversation. We were sat there for a while talking and in that time he finished off the bottle of cider he had brought out with him and had mostly finished the one that he had been given.

The longer he was sat there the more I was sure he needed to pee. He kept on fidgeting and shifting his weight, which as time went on got more and more obvious. Eventually he downed the last of his drink and said "that was probably a bad idea, I really have to pee". I smiled as he shuffled to the edge of his seat and began bouncing his legs. He did this for a few minutes before standing up and I assumed he was going to go to the bathroom. Instead he fished another cigarette out of his pocket and lit it up. He stayed standing as he let somebody else sit down and he stood jiggling his legs and looked even more desperate now he was standing. As his fidgeting got worse he started smoking faster, quickly trying to finish and then suddenly he stubbed his cig out and quickly said "gotta dash, really need to pee now" and gave himself a quick squeeze through his jeans before heading towards the door and vanishing inside.

*007*2019-02-10 12:32

Woooo 8000th Post ?✨ *does a little celebration dance*

We sat outside for a little while longer before it started getting chilly so we headed back inside. I grabbed a drink and went and sat on the couch. I sat there for a while just relaxing and enjoying listening to the conversation around me. I was brought out of my relaxed lull by Alice flopping down next to me. I asked if she okay and she said she was fine. Then she looked around and leaned in to me and whispered "I just really really need a wee". I smiled and looked down and saw her legs squeezing and jiggling gently. She bit her lip and asked if she had permission to go.

I suddenly realised that this was the first time she had asked permission since just before the party started. After we had helped set up she had asked and I had let her go, it had been a while since that moment and I realised she must have been holding all that time and now must be bursting. I teased her for a moment pretending to decide and she leaned in again and whispered "please please say yes, I'm so desperate....I'm nearly wetting myself". I smirked and told her to come with me.

We got up and headed out to the bathroom and luckily for Alice there were only two people waiting and the first one was just going in when we joined the line. Watching her subtly squirm and fidget was so arousing, knowing how badly she needed to pee. A few minutes of this passed and the next person in line went into the bathroom and left just Alice and I waiting. Once we were alone she lost her shyness and started pee dancing and crossing her legs, telling me how badly she had to go. I kept on teasing her and telling her how beautiful she looked when she was all squirmy.

Eventually the bathroom became free and we both went in. I told her that she had to wait as I was going first and smirked as she crossed her legs and held between her legs as I walked over and sat down on the toilet. Watching her wriggling and moaning as I started peeing was such a turn on and it was obvious the sound of my relief was making things worse for her. She suddenly gasped and squeezed her legs tight and told me that her knickers were getting wet and that thought was so lovely. When I finished I sorted myself out and enjoyed her reaction whilst I ran the sink to wash my hands.

When I had done I watched her dancing for a little while longer and enjoyed her whimpering begs before finally telling her she should go. She quickly pulled up her skirt and pulled down her knickers before dropping onto the toilet and letting out a long moan as she started peeing. She was going for a while before her stream died down and she let out a relieved sigh and a giggle. When she sorted herself out she lifted her skirt and showed me a wet patch on the front of her pink knickers where she had leaked a little and that image stayed in my mind as we headed out of the bathroom.

*010*2019-02-16 11:56

We found a shot roulette game in the pile of board games and decided to use it to play a drinking game. We filled the roulette board with all different shots and placed it in the centre of the table then went and got a few people to come play with us. We decided to play Irish snap as it was simple and usually resulted in lots of laughs and each round wouldn't take too long. We made the rule that the loser of each round had to spin the roulette wheel and drink the shot it landed on and we would keep playing until all the shots had been consumed. There were 6 of us playing which made it more fun and we dealt out the cards and started our first round.

The game was a lot of fun and after each round the loser spun and drank their shot. As well as the shots we still had our regular drinks that we kept sipping on, especially when we won our way out of a round and were spectating. As the game went on and I got through my drink my bladder gradually filled until I was starting to really need a wee. Whilst playing my mind was focused on the game but when I was spectating I couldn't help but focus on my increasing need and squirmed gently in my seat.

With each round another shot was consumed meaning the end of the game was getting closer and closer but with each round my need to pee got worse and worse and I was soon sat fidgeting in my seat, squeezing my legs together to subdue the desperate ache between my legs. With each shot drank I was happy that we were one step closer to finishing so I could go and relieve my full bladder. It seemed I wasn't the only one as we started dealing a new round and the girl we were playing with (brunette girl in her mid 20's) squirmed slightly and said "I'll have to go for a wee after this game, these shots are going right through me". We laughed and started the new round and when I won out I sat back squirming and watched the girl as she continued playing and gently fidgeting and it looked like she needed to go as bad as I did.

Over the next couple of rounds her fidgeting got worse and watching her just reminded me of my own pressing need. There were now only 4 shots left on the table and when the round finished and another shot was drank she moved to the edge of her seat and said "It's no good I'm going to have to go for a wee". Before she could stand up the guy dealing the cards laughed and said "whoa no no no you can't get out of the game that easily, you know the rules, you have to stay until the game is finished". She squirmed and said "I know but I really need a wee". I used this opportunity to say that I did too and then the guy dealing said "yeah so do I but you don't see us quitting the game early do you". She laughed and said "no I guess not, at least its almost over". She sat back and we started the next round. I too was glad it was almost over, I was busting for a wee and getting really desperate.

Over the next couple of games whilst I was spectating I was sat back bouncing my legs urging the rounds to go quicker so the game could be over and I could go and pee. It looked like the girl was also the same as me, she had won out of a round and was sat back in her chair with her feet tapping on the floor and looking very fidgety. We finally got down to the last round and after a couple of minutes one of the guys won out and left the game. We carried on playing and then someone else won out leaving just 4 of us left. Alice then won out and smiled happily as she sat back to watch. After a few more minutes I managed to win out and celebrated. I stood up and took my empty shot glasses to the kitchen counter then came back to watch the final battle. Standing up really didn't do my need any good and I crossed my legs and squirmed on the spot as I watched. The game went on for a few more minutes before eventually my husband won and the final shot went to the girl.

When the game finished I thanked everyone for the fun and then headed out towards the bathroom. I knew there would probably be a line. As the game had finished a few people who had been watching had moved off and I guessed like me they would be heading to the bathroom. When I got to the bathroom there was a small queue, including the two guys we had been playing with along with three other people stood outside. Seeing this made my bladder ache and I joined the back of the line and crossed my legs tight and started to dance on the spot. The guys we had played the game with were talking to me about how fun it had been and just as we were talking the girl came through the door and looked in despair at the line up of people.

She came and joined us at the back and immediately started dancing along with me and said "oh why is there always a queue". We laughed and one of the guys said "yeah tell me about it, I have needed to go for a while". I nodded and said I had been needing to go through the last half of our game and the girl said "yeah me too, I thought I was going to wet myself if the game went on much longer". She looked at the line of people and then laughed and said "I still might at this rate". We chuckled and went back to talking about the game.

As the line slowly moved forward I kept on crossing and uncrossing my legs and occasionally giving myself a quick squeeze between my legs to ease the building pressure. Watching the girl do the same made me glad I wasn't the only one that was desperate and I was enjoying watching her dancing and bobbing around in her tight jeans which must have been putting added pressure on her bladder. Eventually there were only the four of us left waiting and then one of the guys went in. The guy in front was also starting to do a little jig and wondering how badly he needed to go was such a turn on. Eventually he went in leaving me and the girl dancing and squirming outside. I squeezed my legs tight and moaned "oh god I feel like I'm about to burst".

I love being vocal and admitting my desperation to people as it turns me on and I always find when you are vocal it often gets other people to be vocal too which I love. She nodded and said "mmmmm I know the feeling". She suddenly moved past me and knocked on the door and shouted "hurry up (name) me and Gem are almost making a flood out here". He shouted back he was hurrying and was going as fast as he could".

She jokingly knocked again and said "well it isn't fast enough, if you don't go quicker I'm going to wet my knickers". I added a mocking sort of "yeaaahhh" and he laughed. When he came out I dashed inside and enjoyed a nice relieving wee and let out a long low moan as it felt so good. I heard her laugh outside the door and say "that does sound good, I can't wait for mine". I laughed and quickly finished off so she could come in and enjoy her sweet moment of relief.

I went back to Matt and Alice and she came back a few minutes later and flopped down. I asked if she had enjoyed it and she smiled and said "oh god did I ever, I was seriously bursting and honestly thought I was going to have wet knickers". She laughed about the situation obviously not realising the impact that what she had just said had had on the three people sitting with her 😉

*012*2019-02-23 20:31

This is the final sighting from this party. I had been sat back in the kitchen with some people having some more food and playing some games. A woman who is friends with my brother in law and his wife came through and shouted something out of the patio door to the people outside. She then came over to the table where we were sat and said that she was going to walk up to the supermarket up the road to get some cigarettes and some other bits and asked if we wanted anything. As a couple of people were telling her what they wanted and getting some money to give her my sister in law came over. She said that her and her brother were going to come with her and would be waiting outside. She took the money from people and headed off.

We went back to playing our games and drinking and as time passed all the drinks I had been having once again had filtered through to my bladder and once again I was starting to get squirmy and beginning to think about heading off to the bathroom but I kept getting distracted by the games we were playing. I eventually got to the point of being really squirmy and thinking that I definitely needed to go to the bathroom when I got the chance, definitely after this next game had ended I promised myself, no more getting distracted.

As we were finishing off our game the woman came back and pulled out the items that had been requested and handed them to the people sat at the table. My brother in law was there and as she handed him something and as she did he made a comment and asked if she alright. I looked round and saw the reason for his comment. She was jigging and dancing where she stood and it was plainly obvious she was desperate for the toilet.

She gave him his items and in a mocking voice said "yeah, I'm fine, just really really need a pee, I was going to go as soon as we got back but "your wife" stated that as this was her house she gets to go first". My brother in law laughed and nodded in agreement. She laughed shaking her head and then said "I best go give these to the guys outside".

She walked across and went out of the patio door. A couple of minutes passed and just as our game ended my brother in laws wife came over and he told her about what the woman had said. She laughed and said "well yeah, my house my rules, I best go tell her I finished....although H (what she calls her brother) has just gone in. She disappeared outside and as she left my Sister in law stood up and said "well I hope he was the only one waiting I could do with a pee myself". I said I did too and we went out to where the bathroom was. Luckily for her and myself there was only one person waiting.

We joined the queue and not long after H came out and the guy waiting went in. As H went back into the living room we heard him talking to the woman and messing with her, obviously blocking her path. She told him if he didn't move she would pee on him and he laughed and moved out of her way. She appeared through the doorway and moaned when she saw the two of us waiting. She came and stood beside us and leaned on the wall and her hand went between her legs as she crossed them. I nodded down at her hand and said "wow, you look like you need to go".

She nodded laughing and said "I bloody well do, when we were walking around the supermarket I got desperate and when I went to use the toilets there they were locked, apparently they shut them during the night". I nodded and said that they did but you could get a key for the disabled toilets if you asked a member of staff. She moaned and said "oh well now you tell me". I smiled at her comment and she went on... "instead I just resigned myself to waiting until we got back but those two were busy looking at the clothes, by the time we set off back I was really desperate and then when we did get back D called first shout of the bathroom...just all the obstacles stopping me from peeing tonight". I laughed and squirmed on the spot as I was reminded of my own need.

When the bathroom came free my sister in law let me go first and I went in and enjoyed a nice long pee which felt so nice to let it go after my distractions and holding it. When I finished I washed my hands and went out. My sister in law offered to let the woman go first but she shook her head and said "no its fine, you are ahead of me in the line, I was stupid enough to go outside to hand out what I just bought, what's one more delay right". She laughed as she said that then crossed her legs and held herself adding "although try not to make it too long of a delay I am very nearly wetting myself".

My sister in law went in leaving the woman squirming and bending forward on the spot. Her last comment did seem true, she looked like she was ready to burst. Watching her squirm in her tight jeans and hearing her moan in desperation was so arousing and I couldn't help but admire her. She was a similar age to my brother in law, in her late 30's and had a lovely curvy figure. She was trying to talk to me but kept getting distracted by her need and her leg lifting and crossing motions. Suddenly mid conversation she knocked on the bathroom door and said "Please please please be quick Sarah I'm about to piss myself. As she said this she undid her belt in preparation and when Sarah came out she dashed inside quickly undoing her jeans as she went. She certainly looked very relieved when she came back through into the living room shortly after.

*014*2019-02-26 17:33

A few days before Christmas I called down to the one of the supermarkets in town to pick up a few bits and as expected it was quite busy with people shopping for Christmas. Luckily it was midday so not as busy as it would be when people had finished work. Exactly the reason why I went at that time of the day.

I picked up the bits I needed...and a few I didn't need and headed down to the checkouts. I went to one of the tills without a queue and the girl on the till told me that she was closing. I know the girl from my many trips to this store and said hey to her and as I turned to go to another till she asked if the items in my hand were all I had. I said they were and she told me to join behind the person she was serving and she would scan me through. I thanked her and waited for the person ahead of me to finish putting her items on the belt.

As she started scanning the items through and space came available I put my things down and stood waiting. As I was I noticed the girl on the till was fidgeting on her chair. It was hard to tell if she was just moving or if she did actually have to pee but my mind liked to imagine the latter.

When she had finished and the person in front paid and had packed her shopping the girl on the till thanked her and bid her goodbye and then turned to me. She asked how I was and I said I was good and asked how she was. She looked at me and her cheeks flushed as she said "I'm good, just desperate for a wee". I had to suppress a smile and responded with "oh?". She blushed more and told me that it had been really busy all morning and she hadn't had chance for a break, she was going to close the till to go off to the bathroom quickly but as I only had a few items she would wait until she had served me. I thanked her and enjoyed the thought of her having not had time for a break and just sitting there getting more and more desperate to pee, hoping for a chance to nip off.

She scanned my items through and as my payment was processing she stood up and I noticed she wasn't completely standing still. When my payment was complete she handed me my receipt and put the closed sign on the till before thanking me and wishing me a good day before she came out from behind the till and walked pretty quickly over to the customer toilets. I figured she must be desperate if she was using the customer toilets and not the staff ones upstairs. She came out a couple of minutes later looking much more at ease.

*016*2019-02-26 22:40

{{4 minutes ago, insomea said:

@Gemmy

Your stuff is phenomenal. When I first started reading content on here I wasn't sure about yours for some reason but it has become my favorite!! I wish I could grab a drink with you and pick your brain with a million questions

}}

Feel free to drop me a pm if you have any.

*020*2019-03-04 18:49

At the place where I work there is only a small team of people on site and we all get along great, it is like working with friends. The site Manager Eric is super lovely and loves to do things for his team. Not long before Christmas he came into my office and told me that as all of the team were in that day he was going to treat us all and take us for an extended lunch and Christmas dinner. He checked if I was available to come and I when I said I was he left to track down the rest of our team.

I always keep a change of clothes at work so that if I am out and about around the estate I have my outdoor/work gear which is what I wear the most and then I have more casual clothes that I can change into if I am going to be in the office. As we were going out I decided it would be best to change into something nicer than cargo pants splattered in mud and my work fleece. I got changed and continued on with my work until lunchtime rolled around and I went out to the courtyard to where we had been asked to meet.

I was glad to see everybody was coming which meant there were 13 of us in total. Eric told me that one of the gardening team was going to drive us there in the minibus. When he pulled it round I got on board and sat next to Sandra, one of the admin staff, and sat back enjoying conversation with her. We went to a really lovely carvery pub that is well known for its quality meat and food and we had a really lovely 4 course Christmas dinner. When we got there Eric told us that there was no rush to get back as he was giving us the afternoon off (not really a big deal for me as I had finished for the day anyway) but it was nice for some of the others. As we weren’t going back to work we were able to enjoy a few drinks. We had wine throughout the meal as well as drinks from the bar and after the meal had finished we all just sat round enjoying the atmosphere and conversation.

When it came time to head back I finished off my glass of wine and got my coat and bag and went and stood in the entrance way. I headed out with a couple of the group towards the mini bus and when we got there we waited a couple of minutes till the driver came and opened it. I got on and sat down and as we were waiting for the rest I felt a slight need to pee but I couldn’t be bothered going back inside and it wouldn’t take too long to get back so I ignored it and fiddled on my phone. Eventually everyone got back and we set off. I was sat next to Sandra again and we were having a good laugh as we went along talking about Christmas and plans we had. We joined the motorway and had been going for a couple of miles when traffic started to get heavy. Not unusual for the time of day and the area we were in but as usual the speed limit had been reduced and the signs were telling commuters to expect congestion.

I suddenly realised that I had been drinking which meant I wouldn’t be able to drive home. Thankfully I had driven to work in my work vehicle and not my car and I had parked it up in the garage before we headed out so I could just leave it there and get picked up. I rang Alice and asked if she could pick me up and she said she would be over soon. I put the phone down and went back to talking to Sandra.

A couple of minutes later we hit a block of slow moving traffic. As I mentioned it's usually busy but we soon found out from the signs that there had been an accident ahead (again another common occurrence) which had closed two lanes causing a jam. As if in response to reading this my bladder reminded me of my need to pee and I squirmed slightly. We slowly moved along and I was thankful the traffic was moving and not stopped. At least that is how it was for a while until we got closer to the accident and the traffic merging into two lanes was causing it to be really slow. My conversation with Sandra was keeping me distracted which was good but every so often I got a wave of need that made me squirm and shift in my seat.

Pretty soon the urges had become one constant need and I was busting for a wee and constantly tapping my foot and bouncing my legs. Whilst I was talking to her I could see Sandra looking down at my legs every so often and then mid conversation smirked and said “you too huh?”. I looked at her puzzled and she laughed and said “the problem of lots of wine and being stuck in traffic”. I realised what she was talking about and said “haha, yeah, definitely feeling that”. She smiled and replied “mmhmm me too, hope it doesn’t take too long to get back I’m starting to get desperate”. Knowing that she needed to pee too made me both glad I wasn’t alone and also made me aroused. I have seen her desperate a few times before and I always enjoy it.

It took about 15 more minutes to get through the blockage and thankfully our exit wasn’t too far. As we came off the motorway I smiled at Sandra and said “not far now”. She nodded and commented “mmhmm, which is a good thing because I am dying for a pee”. I nodded in reply and said “yeah me too, I’m almost wetting myself”. She squirmed as I said that and said “oh gosh me too, I thought I was going to when we were slowly shuffling along in that traffic”.

We drove on for another ten minutes thanks to getting caught in the beginnings of rush hour traffic and the traffic lights, all the while I was squirming and trying to relieve the pressure to hold on that little bit longer. We got back and the guy driving pulled up outside the offices so everyone could get off before he went to park up the bus. I went up to my office and took my coat off and put my bag down, When I went down to where the toilets were they were both occupied. I went into the kitchen to wait and I heard someone knocking and then Sandra came in and said “oh, I thought it was you in there, guess we weren’t the only ones who had to pee”. We both stood squirming and pee dancing and listening to her moans of desperation and saying how she was about to explode wasn’t helping my own need. I felt like I was about to flood my knickers and from the looks of it she was about to do the same.

We heard a door open and she dashed off and not long after the other toilet came free and I quickly dashed in and leaked a little whilst fumbling with my belt before getting free and enjoying a nice long relieving wee. After I was done I went back to my office to sit and wait for Alice. Sandra came in and with a smile she said “phew I made it, me and wine...will I ever learn”.

I asked how she was getting home and she said she was going to get a taxi and then would get her car the next day.

I offered her a lift and we went downstairs to wait for Alice. When she arrived we got in and we set off. Sandra doesn’t live too far away so we got to her house and we sat in the car chatting for a while before she left. As she got out I noticed I needed to pee again, the wine filtering through and now having broken the seal properly that wasn’t surprising. I thought about asking Sandra if I could use her toilet but decided to hold it until we got home. Did I make it? Perhaps that will be the next story on this thread.

*023*2019-03-11 09:42

As we pulled off from Sandra's house and headed towards home I fell into conversation with Alice, telling her about my day and hearing about hers, all the while I could feel my bladder filling and my need to pee increasing quite quickly. At least this time I was only in the company of my girlfriend and was free to squirm and hold myself as much as I needed to and with the added bonus of not driving I didn't have to worry about being distracted, I just had to worry about distracting the driver 😉

We made our way out of the residential streets back onto the main road and after a few minutes we came to the main road that would take us home. AS expected it was busy and took us a few turns to get through the traffic lights. Once we had made our turn we encountered traffic. There was usually rush hour traffic but with the added surge of cars coming off the motorway to avoid roadworks and the accident it was doubly busy. Luckily we had three choices of ways to get home. Follow the main road back to our town, or turn off and take the more scenic route which was longer but was also much nicer and with the traffic probably quicker. A few minutes up the road Alice decided to turn off and go the longer way.

My need to pee was really getting quite bad but even with the slightly longer route home it wouldn't take too long so I just sat back and gently squirmed in my seat, Ten minutes later we drove past where we would have come out if we had stayed on the main road and it was safe to say it would have taken a lot longer than ten minutes. It seemed we had missed the bulk of the traffic which my bladder was happy about. However after a couple more minutes we got to the road leading into our town centre which is also unfortunately the road that leads to the motorway and it seemed a bulk of traffic had come off the motorway to avoid delays and now was causing a jam.

The line of traffic was moving really slowly and the reason why was obvious. Up ahead at the ring road of our town was a mini roundabout just before 4 way traffic lights on the ring road. Not to mention people going in and out of the supermarket. Its usually busy and slow but with the added motorway traffic it was crazy busy. As we slowly moved along the pressure from my bladder kept increasing and soon had me absolutely busting for a wee. The situation made worse by the knowledge that without the traffic it would take literally 5 minutes to get home. Instead we just had to crawl along slowly whilst my bladder filled quickly.

After ten minutes we had only moved about half way down the road and my bladder had completely filled and was bursting and begging for relief. I brought my leg up and sat on my heel so I could rock against it and get some relief from the pressure and pounding from my desperate pussy. Each time we moved and then had to stop again was torture and made my need to pee seem so much worse. It wasn't long before my need had gone from bursting to desperate and I was nearly wetting my knickers. With each wave of desperation that hit me the increased pressure made it so hard not to lose control.

By the time we reached the roundabout and had gone around to go up the hill to our little village I had started to leak with each wave of desperation. At that point the leaks and trickles had been absorbed by my knickers which were now very wet but my jeans were still staying dry. However the sudden acceleration up the hill soon changed that as it made me leak a lot and a wet patch appeared on my jeans and my foot got wet. I pulled my leg out from under me and replaced my heel with my hand. I squeezed my hand against my pussy willing her to hold on just a few more minutes.

We finally turned off into our driveway and waiting for the gate to open seemed to take forever. We drove up the driveway and as Alice parked up it seemed that being so close got my bladder excited and I spurted uncontrollably which made a sizeable wet patch down my left thigh. I quickly jumped out of the car and we went over to the door. When we got there I looked at Alice and she smiled at me with a hint of a smirk. I realised she was going to make me get my keys out of my bag. She didn't have a bag which meant her keys were just in her pocket but she was going to enjoy watching me squirm and cross my legs whilst fishing mine from my bag.

I danced and moaned as I got out my keys and let out another big spurt making my jeans even more wet. I eventually got the door open and quickly kicked off my shoes and dropped my bag. I dashed upstairs and each step made me leak more. I ran into my bedroom and through into the bathroom. The sight of relief being so close made me have to squeeze my legs tight and bend over double to stop myself from completely exploding right there. After regaining some sense of control I stood back up and fumbled with my belt buckle. In that moment as I tried to undo my belt I knew I was about to burst. I could feel the pressure get too much and my muscles start to relax. In that split second my mind decided to take the naughty route and made me jump into the shower. I could have easily sat down on the toilet and peed through my jeans but my mind had decided that my jeans were already wet so I might as well enjoy wetting them properly.

The moment I was in the shower the dam burst and I started peeing uncontrollably and within seconds my jeans were soaked and I sighed out in relief. The wonderful feeling of release coupled with the sensation of warm pee flooding my knickers was orgasmic. I leaned back against the wall just enjoying myself as the stream continued and eventually died down. I stood there with my heart pounding, my breathing heavy and my pussy pounding. The effort of holding had her aching so I slipped my hand into my wet jeans and gently rubbed her to relieve the ache. It felt so nice and I decided to give her some proper relief.

I grabbed the shower head off the wall and slid it into my soaked knickers and jeans and turned the water on. I stood back letting the water pulse against my pussy and add to the wetness of my jeans until they were completely saturated and I had enjoyed a few lovely edges. After that I peeled off my wet clothes and turned the overhead shower on to clean off and invited Alice in with me to give her something to thank her for picking me up. I am sure you can all use your imagination for that part 😉

