Wet, naked, cold, and horny

Author: Guest

*000*2022-10-20 21:33

My wife asked me to pick up a bottle of wine after work today. This led me on a train of thoughts, that ended in me remembering an incredible experience from many years ago. I hope you all enjoy, because we certainly did. This story contains desperation, wettings, nudity, and sex.

Winters around here get brutal. That day, it was below 5 degrees Fahrenheit (-15 Celsius). My wife’s friend invited us and several others to her house for dinner and drinks and a movie. I had a glass of wine and some water, nothing crazy, since I was going to be the one driving us home. My wife on the other hand, drank a couple glasses of wine, hot cocoa, and probably water too. She already pees multiple times while we were over there, but she didn’t pee for the last hour and a half, and we were there for maybe a little under 4 hours.

It was a thirty minute drive back home, and neither of us had peed before leaving. I hadn’t peed at all over there, but I can get away with that. Although, I was definitely fidgety on the drive home since I hadn’t peed for many hours. My wife was absolutely dying. Her hands couldn’t leave her crotch for more than a few seconds at a time, that kind of desperate. Since it was nice and toasty in the car, we took off our top layers, and she had a sweater on underneath all that, so she took that off too. That meant that the only thing on her upper body was her bra. I don’t think I have to explain how turned on I was.

I insisted that we pull over to avoid embarrassment for her, but she refused, because that meant she would have to be basically naked in freezing temperatures to pee. She was squeezing her legs as hard as she could, so it must have been torture just to say that. I pulled over to pee, not because i was desperate but because it gets annoying to drive when you have to pee. I like to tease her every now and then, and she loves it when I do it. So when I went to pee, I did it in full view of her, breathing a huge sigh of relief as the cherry on top. Her “embarrassed smile” spread across her face and said “I FUCKING HATE YOUUUUUUU!” I peed for over a minute, and the whole time, she had front row seats and looked on in envy.

“This is so unfaaaaaair!”

“So then pee.”

“No, then I have to expose my ass to the cold ass wind! HURRY THE FUCK UP!” I have never been so grateful to have a dick in my life before.

After maybe 30 seconds, she opened the car door and said, very frantically, “fuck fuck fuck it’s coming out!” She tried to undo her belt but I think since it was so cold, and that she was wearing so many layers, her belt was super tight. While I still had my dick in my hand she came over to me and begged me to help her undo her belt.

“I thought you hated me!”

“I didn’t mean that now please help me I’m gonna piss myself!”

“After I finish peeing.”

She groaned and said “HURRY THE FUCK UP!!!” She stood right beside me, holding on for dear life, watching me get the sweet sweet relief she couldn’t get. She jiggled in place, and seeing her breast bounce up and down only made me even more horny.

She couldn’t wait until I finished peeing and finally got her belt undone, only a few seconds after she started to pee full force into her pants. When she squatted, she moaned and said “oh my fucking god finally, I’m fucking freezing.”

I jokingly suggested to her that I piss on her to help her warm up, but she whole heartedly wanted me to do it, so I did. I peed on her back, then she turned toward me and I aimed at face and her breasts.

“Mmmmm that feels so good.” She undid her bra.

I finished peeing but she was still peeing full force. My dick was rock hard at this point, and she knew it. She finished peeing and took off her clothes to inspect the damage. She was now completely naked, having only her boots on.

(The pee part ends here)

I went up to her and rubbed her ass and started to kiss her. She kissed me back and pretty soon we were making out intensely while I was rubbing my dick on her pussy. Long story short, I pinned her against the car and had a quicky with her. After we went home, we had sex again, but slow and proper that time.

We showered and the cuddled under the covers for a bit. I warmed some milk for us to drink while we cuddled and fell asleep under the covers.

The next morning, she unsurprisingly rushed to the toilet upon waking up.

I texted my wife if she remembered this and she said “omg yea holy fuck it was amazing, we should do it again 😉”

