New Years Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2017-01-04 22:20

Hey folks, I have a few stories that I want to post but due to family problems and then having Christmas to sort out I have been really busy. Now however I hope to get back into writing as I enjoy it and haven’t had chance to do much recently. I will start out by posting this story of superb desperation that I witnessed on New Years.

As I said above we had some family problems during december. Earlier in 2016 my father in law had an operation and was in hospital for a while and he came home Mid November and seemed fine however about three weeks ago he started falling really ill which was a worry for us. Then unfortunately over Christmas he took a turn for the worse and was rushed into hospital and it didn’t look good. Thankfully after a few days of being in critical condition he pulled through and is now on the mend. Obviously that situation of not knowing if he would be alive come the new year was hard for us so when he started getting better it was a big relief.

That being said we were emotionally and physically tired from dealing with that and having being really busy Christmas day and Boxing day. We therefore decided that on New Year's eve we were just going to stay at home and chill out. We usually go to work at our pub as New Year’s is busy and we enjoy celebrating with our regulars, friends and family. We made sure the pub had plenty of cover and said that if they needed help they could call us. We asked our friends if they wanted to come over and we would hang out, watch tv, play some games and just have a fun night together.

On New Year’s during the afternoon we went over to the hospital to visit my father in law and on the way back we called at the supermarket and picked up some drinks and snacks for that evening. We then called in to see my mum on the way home and she told us that she and my Aunt Jane had tickets to a party being held at the hotel located between our town and the next town over. I have an agreement with my mum that if she goes out in the evening either myself, my sister or Matty will come and pick her up. That way she doesn’t have to get a taxi and I know she gets home safe. I told her that we were not going out so I would come and pick her up. She said she would be fine and would get a taxi so I could have a drink but I reminded her that at the moment I am taking medication and I am not allowed to drink so after a few back and forths and me telling her I would taking my friends home anyway she agreed to call me when the party was over and I would go and pick them up.

After that we went and picked up our friends and went home. We had a really good night playing games and ringing the new year in and after midnight and watching the fireworks in London we finished of the game we were playing and flopped on the sofa’s in the living room and listened to music and reminisced about memories from the past year. My mum had told me it could be 3 o’clock before she rang which I said was fine and my friends were fine with going home when I went for my mum.

About half past 2 my mum called me and said that the party was winding down so they were ready to be picked up whenever. I told my friends to get ready and went to get my coat. As I stood putting my shoes on I realised I needed to pee but decided to wait and have some holding fun. When my friends were ready we went and got in my car and I drove them home. It took about 10 minutes to get them home due to the complete lack of other cars on the roads and after I dropped them off I set off to get my mum and Aunt Jane.

As I got near the hotel I called my mum to say I was almost there and she said they were sat in the hotel lobby. When I arrived I parked up and went inside and found them sitting on a sofa by reception. When they saw me they got up and came over to me. It was obvious they had had a few drinks but thankfully they were only a little drunk. My mum came over to me and pointed to a woman who had been sat with them and asked if I was able to give her lift home as well. I asked where she lived then realised it wouldn’t have mattered, I would have given her a lift wherever she lived. My mum told me where she lived and I realised that although it was going out of my way I could do a big loop back to our town to drop everybody off. My mum shouted the woman and we all went and got in my car. My mum sat in the front seat and my aunt Jane and the woman who I found out worked with my mum and was called Susan sat in the back.

We set off towards Susan’s house and I enjoyed listening to them talking about their evening and their happy spirit. It took about 15 minutes to get to near where Susan lived and a few minutes for her to direct me to her street and house. We pulled up outside and she thanked me and got out and my mum said that Susan had something for her and would be right back. She got out too and I watched them walk up the path and go into the house.

I text Matty to let him know I would be longer than expected and that he didn’t need to wait up. I sat for a few minutes listening to Jane quietly sing along to the radio before saying “do you think your mum has decided to sleep over”. I laughed and said “yeah maybe, she might have moved in”. Jane laughed and went back to singing. A couple of minutes passed and she suddenly said “I hope your mum isn’t much longer I could really do with a wee”. I looked round at her and noticed that she was fidgeting slightly and bouncing her legs. I also noticed that I too was getting desperate. It had been a while since I left home and decided not to pee. I shifted in my seat and waited for mum.

She finally came out of the house and got back in the car. As she did Jane leaned forward and said “bloody hell Vee (that’s what she calls my mum) we thought you were never coming back”. My mum laughed and said she was looking at something and started telling us about it as we set off towards home. We were driving for about 15 minutes or so and just as we were coming down the main road into our town my mum said that Jane was coming back to her house so I didn’t need to go to Jane’s first.

I acknowledged her and before I could say anything Jane spoke up and said “yeah and can you be quick about it, I’m busting for a pee back here”. My mum laughed and Jane said “it's not funny, I feel like i'm about to wee myself and it's your fault for taking so long at Susan’s”. My mum just sat laughing and told her she would be fine. Five minutes later we rolled up outside my mum’s house and we all jumped out. Jane dashed up the driveway and when she reached the front door she looked round and found my mum in the boot of my car getting the things she had picked up from Susan. Jane shouted down at us to hurry up and open the door and stood dancing and squirming on the doorstep as we walked up.

We got to the door and my mum gave Jane the bags she was carrying so she could get out her house keys. When she fished them out she opened the door and we went went inside. Jane dropped the bags on the floor and leaned down to unstrap her heels, all the while wiggling in desperation. As she undid the straps on her shoes my mum kicked off her heels and headed off upstairs. Jane asked where she was going and she said she was going to pee. Jane protested saying she was bursting and my mum told her she should have worn easier shoes to take off and continued upstairs and into the bathroom.

Jane finally removed her heels and walked into the kitchen with the bags and I followed. She put the bags on the kitchen counter and immediately crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch. She danced around the kitchen moaning and gasping as she desperately waited. After a minute of this she pulled up her top and opened the button on her tight jeans obviously to relieve a little pressure and resumed her leg crossing and bobbing. I watched this show for a couple of minutes before she walked to the bottom of the stairs and shouted upstairs “hurry up vee i'm starting to wet myself”.

She came back into the kitchen and leaned against the counter and wrapped her legs around each other and crossed them tight. She starting making loud gasps and chanting that she needed a wee. This lasted for about 30 seconds before she suddenly looked down and said “oh god I can’t hold it”. Had she been wearing light jeans I’m sure I would have seen a wet patch appearing but as they were dark you couldn’t see anything. She bounced on her feet for a few moments doing that quick breath intake that frantic people do when about to pee themselves and suddenly looked at me and said “oh god it's no good”.

She dashed across the kitchen and opened the cupboard and pulled out the mop and bucket. She quickly removed the mop and then pulled down the zip on her jeans and whilst hopping from foot to foot she pulled them down revealing a white lace thong and then quickly pulled the thong down. The instant she pulled it down she started peeing and quickly squatted over the bucket and pee’d a long hard stream into the bucket. As the bucket was plastic the sound of the pee hitting was super loud but not as loud as her relieved sigh. She continued peeing for what seemed liked ages and eventually the stream died down and she sighed happily as the last few drops dripped into the bucket.

She wiggled gently then stood up and pulled her knickers and jeans back up. She looked at me and apologised but she was about to explode. I just nodded and said it was fine. She picked up the bucket and went to the back door and poured it down the drain. She came back in and rinsed the bucket under the tap and as she did my mum came into the kitchen and Jane said “I had to use my bucket”. I wondered why she said “my” bucket and when my mum saw me looking puzzled she laughed and said “it's “her” bucket because that isn’t the first time she has used it in a desperate situation”.

Jane laughed and patted the bucket and said “aye, she has helped me out a few times”. She walked over and put the bucket back in the cupboard and set about making drinks. I said my goodbyes and went out to my car. As I drove home I had to hold myself as watching Jane had made me super desperate to pee and I was almost leaking. When I got home I dashed inside and stripped out of my leggings and enjoyed a nice long pee through my tight pink knickers. I went to my room and found Matty in bed watching TV. I got in and snuggled up to him pressing my soaking wet knickers against his leg. When he felt them he smiled and we then enjoyed a lovely start to the new year.

