A more detailed account of my wife’s wild night

Author: Guest

*000*2022-10-10 18:38

A while ago, I posted on a thread about how I needed to pull over on the highway to let my wife pee after coming home from a sports bar. I realize now that this story needs more than a single paragraph, because it was a pretty wild night. With her permission, I decided to post the full story.

We went to a sports bar with friends and we kind of let loose. The kids were out of our hands for that weekend so we were going ti have some fun damnit! We got food and beer and socialized a bit, and then the game came on, so we were all going a bit crazy. I didn’t drink too much because I was the designated driver, but my wife drank a couple mugs of beer, and it wasnt one of those tiny ones either. I knew her bladder wouldn’t last long like that, but I was too distracted for that to be on my mind.

Eventually, I went to order more beer and went to ask my wife if she wanted any, but when I looked around she wasn’t there. I check at our table, nope. Then I thought, “dummy, she drank a crap ton of beer, she’s probably in the bathroom.” So I went to the back of the bar where the bathrooms were, having to squeeze through a crowd of rowdy drunk fans to get there, and when I did, what i saw made my dick hard instantly. She was at the back of a very long like, bending over, cross legged, hands in her crotch, the whole 9 yards. I went over to her, grabbed her ass and gave her a kiss. Her face immediately went red and she gave me an embarrassed smile.

“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, but I’m about to piss my fucking pants!”

“Oh you don’t need to be sorry at all!”

”I hope you’re enjoying this!”

”don’t worry, I am, a lot!”

(The bar was very loud so it’s worth noting that we were basically screaming in each other’s ears at this point)

As fun and sexy as it was, I didn’t want to embarrass her in front of hundreds of people, though if she was, she insists she wouldn’t mind it. She’s done some risky public humiliation stuff with me so I knew that, but we still had a long night to go. I took her to the mens room, which had a much shorter line. We only had to wait a few minutes for us to get a stall, and when we did, she ran in, frantically undid her belt, button, and zipper, and peed her life away. This isn’t the end of the story, however. It’s just the beginning.

Her bladder was now on my conscious mind. I knew that her bladder would be weakened and with her drinking more beer, I knew she would have to go again pretty soon. I was right. An hour later she was back in line, but this time it was even longer, as was the mens so it really wasn’t an option. She had to go even worse this time, and I’ve seen her desperate enough times to know that she only had minutes before she had a full on accident. I grabbed her beer mug and brought it to her in line.

“Really?”

“It’s the only option we have, unless you want to pee in the parking lot.”

“No it’s fine, I’ll just do it right here.”

”what do you mean right here?”

She asked me to undo her belt and a minute or two later, she put it in between her legs and nearly filled the whole thing! It attracted a lot of attention from the people near us and when she was done, I asked her “are you ok? We can leave now if you want.”

She looked back at me with that same embarrassed smile and extremely red face, as well as what looked like a few tears in her eyes.

“No I’m fine, that was a kind of fun!”

She peed once more without incident, and right before we left I asked her if she needed to pee, and she insisted that she didn’t. She was pretty drunk by this point, so I asked her if she was sure, and she said yes.

Halfway home, she said, “babe, I need to go again!” She wasn’t kidding, she was squeezing her legs as hard as she could and hand both her hands stuffed in her crotch.

“I’ll try to find someplace to pull over…”

”NO I NEED TO PEE RIGHT NOWWWWW!”

I pulled over on the side of the highway and she practically jumped out, fumbled with her belt since she was drunk, and peed her life away again. When she pulled up her pants, I saw she had a wet patch on her jeans that you couldn’t miss.

When we arrived home, I needed to pee pretty bad as well as I hadn’t peed in hours. She insisted that she hold my dick as I peed, and of course I accepted her offer.

Now that I was home I could actually drink some more. I had a bit too much and long story short, we had some pretty amazing drunk sex, all things considered.

We were both EXTREMELY hung over the next morning, so we did absolutely nothing that entire day, except of course, have sex again.


