First time w/ gf

Author: gingerviolinn

*000*2017-06-18 00:24

Me and my girlfriend have been together for about five months now, 6 months on the 3rd. We got pretty drunk last weekend and we decided to play around we were both sober enough to know and be consensual. She knows about my OMO kink and sometimes teases me but this night she was ever so different.

This was at my friends house and were given so much to drink she kept whispering that she had to go and danced a tiny bit but the queue was so long it was practically filling the hall. I told her to hold it, which was because of my pleasure to see her, her boobs move in co-ordination with her movements and it made me face turn crimson, she was wearing a tight turtle neck striped top and light jeans to show and hug her curves. As the night went on she seemed to forget about her need to pee as she had more fun, danced and laughed with our friends.

At around 1AM, we decided to leave as most people had gone home and we needed to sleep off our hangovers. As we were walking towards our apartment complex she said she needed to tell me something when we got in. This made me shiver with anticipation.

"I want to wet myself for you." she muttered under her breath

"W-What?" I replied falling over my words

"come with me to the bathroom."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, I could not comprehend it!

Like by an instinct she stood in the shower, her bladder was the size of a balloon, she squeezed it like a stress ball. I felt myself get wetter and wetter as i watched her squirm and scream over the intense pressure and pleasure she was feeling. Pains in her abdomen stabbed her and she let out a slight squirt.

"I have to let go-o-o. My panties are soaking!" she uttered

"Try to hold on a little longer." I pleaded for my own desire

For another five minutes i watched her wince and hug herself as to how much she needed to pee

"Please baby, I need it so badly"

She couldn't even get the last syllable out as she was now streaming down her light blue jeans. Moaning and squirming at the feel of the warm river run down her leg made me gush with an orgasm and pride. Soaked through in a puddle of her pee i undressed her there and then she asked if she did well and i couldn't even answer it felt too good....

