Tried something different for the first time night (WARNING Messing as well as Wetting)

Author: Guest kc_rules

*000*2017-06-07 21:38

Tonight I was in the mood to have a hold as I've done countless times before but I was also intrigued about the possibility of having a messing accident as well. Fair warning, if you're not into this side of things then turn away now.

I'd began holding after dinner and had got myself a few beers to rapidly bring about the situation (I find beer a great diuretic), however I've found myself intrigued about the possibility of what a messing accident would feel like for a while. I do like a couple of messing videos but I have no time for scat or anything like that. The few messing videos I have seen have focused on women desperately holding before uncontrollably messing themselves just showing the brown stains in their jeans/trousers and/or panties but not actually showing the poop mess itself.

Anyway, I digress I decided to take a couple of strong laxatives as I started drinking and as I began to feel myself filling up my bladder I felt the urge to poop quite a bit. As I got more and more desperate to pee I found my urge to poop gaining traction ahead of my desperate bladder and I had to really squeeze my butt cheeks to prevent a #2 accident.

I continued to hold as I drank my beers and my desperation at both ends got really intense! A few small spurts of pee juxtaposed with some wet farts that I could feel in my tight boxer shorts (and when I checked in the mirror making a small brown stain through my cream trousers). At this point I was questioning whether I could actually go through with it and began to drink more beer in an attempt to get the thoughts off my mind. Before too long however, the beer and laxatives were really having an effect on me and I could no longer concentrate on the TV programme I was watching.

I popped outside for a quick cigarette on my balcony (a favourite vice of mine when I've been drinking) and despite my attempts to remain dry, my poor aching bladder couldn't hold it anymore and I began to piss myself. I held it back after about ten seconds but that was only a brief respite. After I chugged the last remnants of my final can of beer the floodgates opened and I uncontrollably pissed my boxers and cream trousers on my balcony for about a minute and a half. The relief was welcome, felt great and one I have experienced many times before as I stood there making a huge puddle of pee underneath me.

However, as my bladder relaxed that's when my bowels betrayed me. I thought I had made a good job of holding in that laxative but at that moment the urge to go was excruciating and I couldn't hold anymore and an absolute torrent of wet mushy shit poured out of me, filling my boxer shorts and even running down my leg. I still don't know what to make of the sensation. The relief was great, and I'll be honest, the feeling of wet mushy crap all in my boxers and running down me made me feel something like I've never felt before. The problem was returning inside, shutting my balcony door behind me and sitting down to write this.

Sitting down and feeling the wet mushy shit spreading beneath me feels awesome. The smell however. I can't cope with it. It makes me want to gag. In all honesty, I'm putting off going to the bathroom to clean myself up because I know the sight of my messing accident is going to possibly make me sick. I'm honestly at a crossroads. The feeling is great and that loss of control as I voided my bowels uncontrollably was even greater than losing control of my bladder but I just don't know if I can handle the sight of the mess and the long disgusting clean up that I inevitably must face.

Has anyone else on this site experimented with a messing accident? If so, how did you find it? I'd really appreciate your feedback because right now I'm definitely in two minds about trying it again (I do feel that once I go through the clean-up it may turn me off from ever trying it again.)

For those that are interested in pictures, I took a few pics of my accident (both from the front wetting side and the back messing side). I'll only share these if others would like to see.

It's been an intriguing night of experimentation either way.


