Roommate desperate in a club but has an idea

Author: Guest idk12345

*000*2017-08-05 02:25

(First post on this site, very sorry if it's bad)

This sorry happened a few weeks ago and I'm still in shock it happened at all.

I'll start by describing my university roommate (Let's call her Summer). She's 20, really hot, shoulder length blonde hair, fairly tall, blue eyes and D cup boobs (as she has told me many times before)

So a few weeks ago it was a friend of ours' birthday so we all went to a nightclub to celebrate. We all pre drank at someone's flat and then went to the club and it was pretty uneventful for a few hours but then I got separated from the group after getting a few drinks.

As I was wandering around looking for my friends I started to need to pee, not too desperate but the urge was there. After an hour I eventually found Summer (at this point I was pretty desperate) and she suggested we go to the toilets.

We joined the queue for the toilet and both whined at how long it was. As I was quite drunk I didn't realise how desperate Summer was, but now I remember that she was squirming a lot and moaning. The queue didn't seem to be going very quickly so we decided to try and find a different toilet and this time the queue was shorter. We got to the front of the line and decided to share a cubical, cause that's what girls do, and I went first.

I was wearing a dark blue jumpsuit with no bra so I was sitting on the toilet completely naked with my panties and clothes around my ankles. I was mid wee when Summer suddenly gasped and her hands flew to her crotch and I could see a small dark spot on her grey playsuit.

"Oh fuck, I'm weeing, I'm gonna wee myself! Are you done yet?!" she moaned

"Nah babe, I'm gonna be pissing for a while"

This was clearly not the answer she wanted.

"Can we PLEASE do a double wee?"

Before I could ask what a 'double wee' was she stripped off her grey playsuit (she was also not wearing a bra), took off her pink lace panties and sat, fully naked on my lap and pissed between my legs and into the toilet. I instinctively put my hands on her waist so she would fall off (she was pretty wasted lol)

I didn't think I could be more turned on but she let out a breathy, high pitched moan and the fact I was staring at her tits and she pissed was too much.

After we finished we put our clothes back on and went back into the club.

(Hope you like this! I have soooo many more stories about Summer as she has a REALLY weak bladder so if you want me to post more please tell me!)

