Desperate Wetting on the Train

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2019-02-09 18:33

Anyone else from St. Louis? The lack of public bathrooms is sure something in urban areas, huh? For those of you who may be familiar with the area... There I was, with my husband, walking down the last bit of the Delmar Loop (very busy strip, full of specialty shops, restaurants, and city life), ducking in and out of buildings in an attempt to find relief for my aching bladder, only to be thwarted by locked doors, "for customers only" signs, and exclamations of "No public restrooms!"

So, what do you do in that situation? You wait, and you hold it.

Fortunately, our train was due any moment, and I knew where to find a bathroom at our destination. As I left the last shop, assuring my husband that I would be okay, having given up finding a bathroom, we took off toward the metrolink station.

When we arrived, the train was just pulling up to the station.

"Hurry!" my husband yelled to me as he jogged to the train.

"I can't!" I replied, through gritted teeth. It was all I could do to keep moving. Running on a bladder this full would be impossible.

Naturally, the train left without us, much to the annoyance of my husband and the dispair of myself. I looked at him with wide eyes and mouthed an apology while I let my hand grasp between my legs for less than a second. He rolled his eyes and nodded, then gave me a half smile, being accustomed to my bladder having a mind of its own.

As we waited for the next train, around 25 minutes, I assumed different positions to aid in my holding. I tried sitting on the bench with my legs or ankles crossed, then stood and paced with my arms folded across my chest, and finally resorted to sitting on the pavement so I could hold myself under my loose black dress, but over the black leggings I was wearing. I was beginning to become frantic; the train was not coming quickly enough!

I looked at my husband with pleading eyes. When he asked if I was okay (translation: "Have you wet your pants again?") I assured him I was, for now. Finally, I saw a light at the end of the tunnel. Literally. The next train was pulling into the station! Hurriedly, we boarded and found a seat.

I couldn't help but fidget, stomp, and shift in my seat. I may have even let out a few whines. There was nothing I could do--I just had to go so badly. I could tell my husband was becoming a little embarrassed at my behavior and I did my best to sit still like a proper 23-year-old woman.

Suddenly, I gripped my crotch through my dress in panic. We still had at least 15 minutes left on the train, but I knew I didn't have that long before I lost it. I whispered to my husband "It's coming." He said, "We can get off a stop early and you can go at McDonald's?" As my eyes started to tear up in shame, I told him I wouldn't make it; it is coming now. As my bladder released, I lifted my dress slightly and moved to the edge of the seat to minimize the damage. I felt awful for having an accident in the train seat but I didn't know what else to do. Pulling my dress out of the way, I hugged my knees to my chest and soaked my black leggings and the seat.

My husband, annoyed and embarrassed, but understanding, gently rubbed my back as I kept my eyes to the ground and uncontrollably emptied my bladder in the crowded train. It wasn't until it began dripping on the floor that he pulled away, obviously even more humiliated than I was.

When the train pulled into our stop, we quickly exited the train, avoiding meeting the eyes of the other passengers. Fortunately, I'd had the foresight to pull my dress from under me, and there was very little wetness on it. My leggings were totally covered. As we passed the park bathroom, he urged me to try to finish in the toilet. I protested, saying I had done it all in my pants, but did proceed to try. Nope. Nothing.

As we continued the short walk home, he gently scolded me for not addressing the need sooner and wetting myself, but then agreed that more bathrooms should be available in such a public area. He knows I did my best.

*013*2019-02-11 08:54

{{3 hours ago, bdp said:

I'm from St. Louis so I definitely know the struggle in that area. You really have to know the good pee spots. Thanks for sharing. Great story!

}}

Usually in the loop area, I will opt for the Shell station at Delmar and Skinker (now closed down), the big bookstore (I don't remember why that didn't work), or Snarfs (moved locations). I was at a total loss. Which Wich works too but that's on the other end, like a mile away. If you have any other suggestions, I'd love to hear them! I get stuck in that area a lot.

{{9 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

At least it sounds like he was understanding and knows she did her best, he wasn't real mean about it.

}}

No, I didn't feel that way at all! He was just kind of annoyed like "Oh, here we go again." He did his best to comfort me and make sure I was okay, but it was a very public setting and I failed to be inconspicuous. He has really awful social anxiety so it was hard for him.

*015*2019-02-11 09:00

{{On 2/9/2019 at 7:00 PM, raspro said:

You poor thing. I'd be honored to be your husband. I'd never scold you for having an accident. Just the opposite, I'd be taking full advantage and making sure you wet in public and we would have fun doing it.

Our sex life would be incredible.

Stay wet my baby. Xxx

}}

You're yucky and I don't like you. I'm not your baby and trying to force accidents in public is straight up abuse.

&&

*020*2019-02-11 16:18

{{1 hour ago, Maki said:

Your attitude and behavior is not even remotely welcome here.

}}

Thank you for your support ?? that's why I feel safe here!

