Desperate on a 10 Airplane Ride...

Author: Guest StrwbryMilkTae

*000*2021-01-31 01:49

So... This is my first post to this website. Hope u all like it. Just so u know... I didn't wet. I made it to the bathroom, but this is mostly desperation and a story. But it was a close call!

This happened to me a few months ago when travelling out of state. The plane ride was 10.5 hours long. I have this weird fear of peeing in public places, especially on an airplane, so I tried not to drink too much. (I'm also very claustrophobic. Not abt wetting, but why I hate airplane restrooms.) I wasn't wearing anything fancy, just skinny jeans with rips and a white tee shirt.

About 15 minutes before boarding the plane, a friend told me to drink some water and handed me a 750 mL bottle of water. Not thinking, I drank about half of it. Then, as the 15 minutes were continuing to go by, I drank a lot more of it. About a fourth of it remained in the bottle before I boarded the plane. For pandemic reasons, the only thing that the airport gave us was water, so I drank it because I felt thirsty and I really wasn't thinking. (It was a slightly smaller bottle that only contained about 350 mL)

About an hour or less on the plane, and I finished the fourth that I had left and the small bottle of water, but I hadn't ate anything, so the water was going right through me. I had 1100mL of water and I kind of felt like I needed to go pee, but I held off because it wasn't too urgent at that moment. I had anime (Tokyo Ghoul) playing on my phone to distract me and I was trying to ignore all of the urges I was feeling. It was getting increasingly bad as time went by. Not even 30 minutes later, I could feel a LOT of piss in my bladder. I really, really needed to go in such a short amount of time.

My phone was keeping me distracted for a while, whereas the band to my skinny jeans were pressing into my bladder. But of course, that didn't work forever. About 3 hours had passed and I started to squirm a bit to try to hold it all in, but I was trying to be as discreet as possible, so I couldn't do much. I was getting fuller by the second and really regretted all that water that I had consumed. I still had 7 hours to go and I wasn't looking forward to it at all...

I squirmed, shivered, shook, and even held myself under my blanket out of desperation because I have an average sized bladder... Nothing more. I really just wanted to alleviate all the pain and pressure on my lower abdomen and go pee. God... I wanted to go pee. So FXCKING BAD.

So... I'm not going to lie, I did consider running off to the toilet to pee because I was getting that desperate with so much liquid weighing down my bladder. But, with my horrible luck, we all had to stay in our seats due to turbulence problems... I was about ready to cry. I had to piss so damn bad and I... couldn't. The pain was getting worse and worse. I still had 3 more hours on the plane, my bladder was aching, and I had tears brimming in my eyes. I was about ready to pee myself and I started to get lost in the pits of desperation, when I heard a male's voice call, "Jessi?" I looked over to see my friend looking back at me with a worried expression on his face. "Jess? Are you okay?" he asked. "F-fine," My voice came out strained, uncomfortable, stuttering, and pained. "You don't sound fine... Do you have to pee?"

My heart started to race so much as those words left his mouth. I couldn't even lie to him because it was so obvious. "Y-yeah..." I admitted, defeated. "Can you hold it?"

That was probably the most pride breaking moment of my life. I was about to piss myself. Of course I couldn't hold it! Nor did I want to. I mean... I did want to, but I also didn't at the same time because I was embarrassed. I don't know if that makes sense. "Yeah. I c-can." I lied, being too shy to tell him the truth. "Okay. Tell me if you can't." "Mmh."

After 3 more excruciating hours of squirming and holding, the plane landed and we were able to get off. "Do you want to pee, Jess?" my friend asked. "No, I can wait a while..." I lied again. "Okay." I was way too shy to go pee in public no matter what anyone said or did or where I was.

There was no way I was going to be peeing anytime soon because my family picked us up. They, as usual, wanted us to go eat. I wasn't feeling hungry, even after going over 24 hours without eating because my bladder was aching so much. I am at the level of shyness where I can only tell you that I need to go to the toilet if I'm BEYOND comfortable with you or I'm just too desperate to think clearly. So, I didn't tell my family about my current situation, simply because I couldn't bring myself to.

Every now and then, my friend would check on me. I was lying slightly better. He thought that I could hold it until we got to the hotel we were staying at, and I was okay with him believing this. In the end it was less embarrassing for me.

When we got to the place that my family wanted to eat at, I felt the first leak spurt out of me on our walk from the parking lot to the actual place. God... I wanted to die at this moment. I was so full that I couldn't even feel any relieved pressure from the leak. I felt like if I didn't let it out... I'd die, to be honest. I let out a little gasp, but luckily no one heard me. At this point, it was around 3 in the after noon where I was before boarding the plane and I had left at 1 in the morning. So... I held for about 11-12 hours. I really had to go by now.

I crossed my legs under the table and my friend kind of got the message. I tried to eat, but I just couldn't. I told my family that I was feeling sick from travelling and my friend hurried to finish what he was eating so we could leave as soon as possible. When we said we'd leave, we used the "I'm tired" excuse. And don't get me wrong, we were exhausted, but I needed to pee more than I needed to sleep. He had to pee pretty bad too because he hadn't gone for a while either and he has a pretty weak bladder. He felt horrible going to the bathroom while I was holding, though so he tried his best to wait.

We got into an UBER and I was nearly in tears with an aching, bursting bladder, about to release all over the place. "Shhh. It's gonna be okay. You can hold it. I know you can," My friend tried to comfort me. Looking back, I really appreciate it, but at the moment, it meant nothing to me because I still wasn't peeing... I was still in pain no matter what he said.

"How much longer until we get there?" He asked the UBER driver. "About 15 minutes."

I felt so relieved (but not relaxed ofc) to hear that I'd be able to pee in 15 minutes. I squirmed around, with a death grip on my friend's hand. I couldn't relax a muscle with how full I was. My legs were shaking and I could've peed right there had I not used my other hand to hold myself.

As soon as we got there, we checked in and I literally begged my friend to hurry up. He got the card to unlock the door to the room and we both got into the elevator as fast as we could. I'm afraid of elevators... like... a lot. But at that moment, I was leaking pee down my legs and I had no time to be afraid. My jeans were getting soaked. I was steadily leaking and it was kind of obvious if you looked closely.

We looked for our room and it took almost 10 minutes because we weren't familiar with the place. "For fucks sake... I'm about to fucking explode," I willingly admitted to get my friend to understand the situation a bit more. Luckily, he found the door. I rushed in, dropping everything in my hands and ran for the bathroom, no looking back. I didn't even close the door behind me, I just rushed in. I was peeing myself almost full force as I got my jeans off. As soon as I sat on the toilet, relief flooded through me. I felt so much better that I can't even explain it. It was such a relief to get all of that piss out of me. I let it all flow out feeling the pleasure course through my mind and lower abdomen.

Once I was about half-way finished with my massive piss (About 45 seconds had already gone by), my friend knocked on the half closed door. "Are you almost done? I have to go too." He said. It sounded really urgent. "Um... I don't really know..." "Can I like... Pee in the sink or something? Sorry. I can't hold." "Yeah, sure. Come in."

And just like that, my friend was in the bathroom with me, taking a piss in the hotel sink. We both had sweat dripping on our faces and felt such a strong relief. I peed, in total, almost 1 minute and 45 seconds. He went for about a minute as well.

After that, we agreed to never talk about it again and we've gone about 4-5 months without bringing it up lol. We both took a long nap together on the bed. We're really close tho so it wasn't anything weird. 🙂 xd

Jessi 🙂

