Fun Wetting Alone Time

Author: grsy97

*000*2023-03-11 15:32

Hi! So other than my bed wetting a couple months ago, I haven't had many opportunities for more wettings. But! Next month my boyfriend is going away for a week, so I will have the whole apartment by myself. There are so many things I want to do!

1) I want to try to have a public accident. I think it'll be so hot! I ride the train home each day so I was thinking of wetting a little on there or on my walk home. I was thinking of drinking a lot of liquids throughout the day so I'm stuck on the train desperate (although I don't want to make a complete mess on the train of course. And by my stop there aren't many people on the train)

2) I'm finally going to try diapers/pull ups! I'll start wearing them around the house but then also wear them out and about so I can wet a little bit too

3) I want to wear nothing but a diaper to bed and just pee myself and the bed whenever I get the urge. Maybe I'll even have more real bed wetting accidents! (I already have protection on the bed anyway)

I don't know if I'll get to everything, but I'm going to try! Do you all have suggestions of what else I should do? I'll be sure to post about my experiences afterwards. Pictures included!

*006*2023-03-17 01:52

Totally agree with you all-- that's why I was on the fence. I'll keep it for the walk home and not the train

{{23 hours ago, lovetohold said:

This sounds great! Question - is your boyfriend not into this?

Either way, ideas - you'll sort of get this sensation with the diaper, but I'm a big advocate of towel peeing. It's a different sort of warmth than a diaper, and well worth it. Wad up a huge bath towel, put it between your legs, and flood it fully. Don't hold back, flood it so fast it can barely absorb it all fast enough.

When I'm having a towel day, I tend to pee in the same bath towel three times or so before I put it in the laundry. It gets really heavy! lol

Keep it in the bathroom, on another towel, because it's obviously going to leak.

}}

As far as I know, he is not. I haven't told him about it either. The two times he has witnessed me wet were both complete accidents.

I'll have to try the towel pee too!

