Fun evening out at the movies

Author: Gemgirl

*000*2018-07-21 22:23

Today I had a little fun going out to the movies with friends. It had been a while since I had been to see a movie and I did have one thought on my mind. When I arrived I was feeling a need to go already and had planned to get an extra large coke but as I was already a little desperate I went for a small. I was planning to be squirming by the end of it but didn't want to actually wet in the theater. As the movie was going I sipped on my coke slowly and watched. As the movie went on and on my need was becoming more pronounced and I subtlety crossed my legs. My coke was soon empty and my bladder was getting fuller. I was actually hoping the movie would be longer but as it came to an end I was bouncing in my seat but felt I could hold on a lot longer.

I was actually disappointed to see virtually no line in the bathroom. There were plenty of stalls so I would only be waiting behind about two other girls. Instead I decided to hold it and go home. I waved goodbye to my friends wondering if they were noticing me fidget a bit. As soon as got in my car and was no longer visible I grabbed my crotch. I had to go so bad now. I was sure I could make it home in time but it wasn't gonna be easy.

As I set off my need suddenly grew and I had to try and squeeze my thighs together carefully. Unable to do much while driving. I think I may have broken the speed limit a bit but I didn't care. I was now regretting my decision to not pee back at the theater. I endured, holding as best I could as I made it home. As I parked my car I leaked a little and gasped, holding my self tightly and telling myself I was nearly there. I waddled out my car to my door, now holding myself as I waddled over. I fumbled in my purse for my keys and stuffed them in lock. My legs now pressed together as fought off another leak. I rushed and straight to the bathroom door.

As I grabbed the handle and pushed it refused to budge and as I heard running water from inside. My roommate was in the shower. Now! At the worst possible time! I knew I had to do something. I knew I would wet myself at any moment if I waited. I quickly decided to run into my room and lifted up my skirt. And finally I peed, it went right though my panties and ran down my legs as it splashed on the hard wood floor. I let out a sigh of relief as it burst out of me. As soon as it stopped I basked in the amazing feeling for a bit before reminding myself that I should hurry and hide the evidence. I quickly removed my panties and cast them aside. I got a mop and cleaned up the floor and got in the shower as soon as my roommate was done. She was none the wiser that she had caused me to wet myself.

*007*2018-07-23 05:45

{{16 hours ago, Chris0819 said:

Thats great! Long movies always make me need to go bad.

}}

Hehe. I'll need to see if there are any really long movies coming out soon that I wanna see.

