Teacher Desperate

Author: Guest danitiger

*000*2020-06-07 14:31

When I was in Grade 11 we went to Berlin with about 12 people from our class and our history teacher, Mrs Regen, who must have been in her early 30's that time. Every boy adored her as she was a very cool teacher with a bubbly personality, but she was also hot from the outside with her blonde hair and tight jeans.

That day in Berlin, however, she wore a dress (I think it was white/blue) as she was pregnant, maybe in her fifth month of pregnancy. We were about to do a special guided city tour in the evening and had to get across the city to our starting point where the guide was waiting. We were on the subway and Mrs Regen was sitting right next to me and some of my schoolmates. We talked about this and that and she was really chilled about everything, even partying and alcohol. 

After about half an hour we had not yet reached our destination, but Mrs Regen grew increasingly anxious and antsy next to me. She then told us slightly embarrassed that she really has to go to the bathroom and blamed it on her pregnancy. Nobody else had to go, which was surprising as there were about eight pubescent girls in our group. We were still about 20 minutes from our destination, but Mrs Regen looked out the window with an increasingly worried face. She had pressed one fist on her leg and had crossed one leg over the other looking quite tense.

At the next station Mrs Regen then told us that she is really sorry, but she has to get off and find a bathroom. While we were leaving the subway, I could see that our hot teacher was secretly trying to hold her crotch under her handbag and I could not believe my eyes. We went up the stairs in that station all running behind our teacher. Mrs Regen was looking around, but there was no bathroom to be seen. So she told us to stay right where we are and she would be right back. While she said that she did a visible potty dance with one leg up pressed on the other one and one hand close to her crotch. She then sped off frantically and I wish I could have followed her to see where she went.

We felt like it took forever, but after about 15 minutes she came back with a relieved look on her face, apologized again for the circumstances and we boarded the next train to get to our destination for the tour.

