Real Life GF Stort

Author: GMoneyMoTits

*000*2023-01-22 22:18

About 2 years ago, in the summer of COVID lockdowns, I had a unique experience of seeing 2 girls, sisters in fact, use their pants and panties as their bathroom. I’ll share my story.

It was a crappy (no pun intended) day in early June 2020. It was dark and rainy and cold for early June in the North East. I went over to my girlfriends house to hang out between there really wasn’t anything to do. We had both recently finished our sophomore year of college. With all of the COVID restrictions and everything, we had been at home doing online school since March. But, this was only the second or third time we had seen each other in person since early March. She (Macy)(not her real name) knew of my fetishes and frequently partook in “activities” herself during the COVID lockdowns on FaceTime for fun, especially in the early morning hours when she was the only one in her family that was up.

Anyways, back to the story. So on this particular day, Macy’s parents were at work (mom is a nurse at a pediatrician office and dad worked at a manufacturing facility). Macy was home with her sister Sarah and Sarah’s twin brother Sam. Sam was occupied with his buddies on his PS4 playing Call of Duty in his bedroom. Sarah, Macy, and I were in the family room watching some cheesy chick flick on tv.

Once the movie had finished, Sarah left the room to go make a bag of popcorn. Macy turned to me and said “I hope she leaves us alone soon. I want to make a surprise for you in my pants.” She said with a smirk on her face. I kissed her and instantly got an erection. She noticed and grabbed the blanket from the ottoman and draped it over us. She unzipped and unbottoned my jeans and slid her hand into my boxers and started jerking my cock. A couple of seconds later, Sarah came back into the room from the connected kitchen.

Both Macy and Sarah were 2 years apart and were built extremely similarly. Macy was 5’6” and weighed about 130-135 pounds. Sarah, who recently turned 18 in May, was 5’6” and 150 pounds. Sarah had a slightly bigger build but made up for it with D cup tits. Macy had an athletic build (competitive swimmer since she was 😎 and only had B cup tits but had an incredible ass. She always wore thongs and leggings to show it off. Today, however, she was wearing a pair of grey leggings and light pink cotton Hanes bikini panties (she enjoyed the feeling of doing her business in regular style panties so it didn’t ruin her leggings or jeans). Sarah was dressed similar, wearing a pair of really tight black leggings that were nearly see through and showed off her panty lines. I would later come to find out hers were white with light green polka dots cheeky style cotton panties from PINK.

Sarah came back into the room and let out a huge, stinky fart when she entered and giggled about it. Macy said “wow Sarah your ass stinks! When was the last time you took a dump?” Sarah laughed and thought about it for a second. “Probably 2 or 3 days ago. You know I don’t poo every day.” We searched the tv for something to watch and stumbled across one of my favorites Talladega Nights. During the next commercial break, Sarah let out another, quieter, less stinky fart. Macy said “wow Sarah what are you going to do? Crap your pants right in front of us?” Sarah laughed and said “you dare me to?”

I froze. I couldn’t believe what I just heard. Was my girlfriends younger sister really going to poop her pants in front of me?

“Yes Sarah! I dare you to poop yourself!” Macy said confidently. “Ok! But you have to poop your pants too! “Sarah said in a sarcastic way. “Deal” said Macy. This was actually going to happen!

Sarah got up and said “ok I’m gonna go pee first so I don’t go while I poop.” I spoke up and said “well, you’re already going to be going in your pants, wouldn’t it be easier just to ‘go’ while you’re ‘going’?” She looked at me and laughed and said “you know, you’re right… I’ll grab a couple towels though so we don’t mess up the carpet.”

As Sarah went off, Macy looked at me and said “you just want to see me and my sister go in our pants..” and I didn’t know how to react.. I just did a shoulder shrug and she said “don’t worry… I’ve never seen anyone do it before so it should be exciting!” And just like that, I was instantly relieved.

30 seconds later, Sarah came back to the living room wearing only her T-Shirt and white and green dotted panties. Macy said “wow you’re already down to your undies” Sarah laughed as she placed 3 towels on the ground. 2 of which were side by side and the other one on top of the separation between the 2 under it. She said “I gotta go! And I may have peed a tiny bit on my way to get the towels hahah”. I looked at her crotch, which in deed was wet with about a 1/2 dollar piece size wet mark on her panties. I instantly became erect because it was really happening! I was going to get to see my gf and her hot sister go in their panties.

Sarah began to take her socks off and as soon as her bare feet got back on the towel, she exclaimed “I’m peeing!” And had a very relieved look on her face. I looked down at her crotch to see a heavy, slightly yellow stream flow directly down through the fabric of her panties and pee dripping down her legs, including a pretty steady stream rolling out of her leg hole and down her right leg. “Ahhhh this feels great! I love that warm feeling” as she peed for nearly a minute.

“Dang Sarah! You didn’t pee yourself, you pissed yourself!” Macy said almost laughing. “Haha very funny Macy. We’ll see how much you pee yourself when it’s your turn!” Sarah responded. “Macy, can you hand me my phone? I want to do my usual poop routine and scroll through Instagram or TikTok while I go.” So Macy handed her sister her phone and she turned around and put her back to us. “This may take a while. I haven’t done this in a while” she said.

“Have you pooped yourself before Sarah?” I asked. She responded “yeah I have a few times. My friend Jenna has a pee kink and we pee ourselves at her house a lot. A couple years ago, we were reading about pooping our pants and tried it. I’ve done it 3 times before on purpose. She’s done it more and does it kinda often.” Sarah said facing us. After, she turned back around and it was pretty quite except her the tv turned down low and her phone playing TikToks.

Another minute passed of me staring at my gfs younger sisters ass and wet panties when I saw something begin to happen. I watched as her knees began to bend and she stuck her butt out slightly and I heard a grunt. After 15-20 seconds of pushing and grunting, I began to see the back of her white and green dot panties tent out. She moaned, peed a tiny bit, and whimpered “I’m pooping guys”.

I couldn’t believe my eyes. I had seen my gf poop her pants, leggings, bikini, and undies before, but this was incredible! She stood there, slightly bent at the knees, filling up her panties. After 3 minutes, she had a baseball size dump in her pants. She pulled down slightly, exposing a little bit of butt crack, grunted and said “I’m still pooping. I don’t think I’ve ever pooped this much in my pants before. This is definitely at least a two day poop.” The lump in her white and green panties, now yellow with a small brown mark on the outside of the poo lump began expanding, now the size of a softball.

After a total of 7 minutes, she turned around and said “almost done!” And peed about 10 seconds worth of pee through her wet and loaded down panties and said “ok! Now I’m all done!”

She looked down at her wet and messy panties and said “holy fuck that felt good. Haven’t done this in a while and it feels so good! It’s kind of turning me on…” she trailed off, slightly rubbing the wet front of her panties. She closed her eyes and said “I’m gonna have to fuck myself after you poop sis! Come on! I wanna watch you go now!” And she grabbed the center towel and moved off to the side and stood on the towel, occasionally rubbing herself.

By this point, I was rock hard and ready to bust a load in my pants. Now it was my gfs turn, and this was something she does for me quite frequently, and it always turns me on.

She re-adjusted the towels on the floor and got ready. She first took off her grey leggings and showed off her cute butt with the basic pink cotton panties she had on, then took off her sweat shirt to expose her bare breasts and rock hard nipples. Sarah said “woah Macy! You’re going just undies.. I like it!” And she was still lightly rubbing herself. At this point, Sarah was texting her friend Jenna about her pooping experience.

Macy, looking at me, asked “are you ready? I gotta peeeee…” and as she said Pee, the light pink of her panties turned dark pee and she pissed. It wasn’t a trickle or a leak, it was like a garden hose flowing through her panties. Sarah said “damn sis! You’re a natural at this. Do you do this often??”

I froze. I didn’t know what she was going to say. Was she going to lie? Was she going to tell the truth? “Well, not my undies. But I do pee in my swimsuit and bikinis all the time! I have had a couple of accidents, but only like 2 haha” she said with a laugh.

Then, I watched her face turn red. I knew this meant it was poopy time. Sarah said “damn sis you’re just going for it!” while rubbing herself a little faster now. Macy took a breath, closed her eyes and grunted. Her face turned cherry red and I watched as her soaked pink panties began to tent out in the back as a little pee dribbled down onto the towel again.

“I’m poooooooping” Macy said mid grunt. I was rock hard. It always turned me on to see her go in her panties, but with her sister doing it before and her doing it now, I was in a dream. A minute in, Sarah said “I can’t wait anymore” and she starts full on fingering herself while her sister pooped. After 2 minutes since she started pooping, Macy said “I’m done!” and stood up to a giant bulge in the back of her undies. It sagged probably 6” at least. It was just 1 solid turd that barely bent at all.

I look back over at Sarah, who is now loudly moaning and fingering her tight and landing strip trimmed pussy. Her left hand was in her pee soaked messy panties with her middle finger knuckle deep in her pussy and her right hand massaging her beautiful breasts. I couldn’t hold back anymore. I dropped my pants and my boxers and just started stroking my cock. I was rock hard and ready to bust at any minute. My gf turned around and said “wow nice cock!” and lifted her shirt to show me her amazing tits and Sarah looks over and said “Fuck that’s a nice cock!” and now begins rubbing herself while fingering herself and within 20 seconds she exclaims “I’m cumming!!” and yanks her panties up as high as she could in the front and squirted her wet and poopy panties. I lost it and nut right on my gfs face and glasses.

I couldn’t believe what I just saw… my gf and her sister went to the bathroom in their panties and got to see both of their tits and asses and pussies AND got to see her sister masturbate. While trying to comprehend what I just saw, I look over at Sarah, who is once again emptying her bladder in her panties. Within 30 seconds, she said “alright! I’m gonna go shower. That was fun as fuck! We’ll have to do it again sis!” And waddled off into the bathroom.

I have several more real life stories. Let me know if you want to hear them!

*004*2023-01-24 20:59

I am being 100% accurate and truthful. The quotes were exactly as I remember it.

