Holding with my Bestfriend

Author: Gamerman

*000*2012-04-01 22:46

Last night or last evening i guess you could say, i asked my friend if she wanted to hold with me, and us being us it was most likely she was going to say yes. We were looking up some funny youtube videos on the computer and about 8 pm we started to drink liquids. I had a big cup of milk while she had some Dr. Pepper. We continued to watch videos for about 15-20 minutes. I wasnt to desperate to per at the moment, i was at a 3 out of 10. 

About 30 minutes later she had to pick up her sister with her dad (ps. We are txting back and forth) and so i start getting really desperate and go up to a 7. Im in a blue-ish color briefs and some pajama pants that are red. Inwas sitting on my bed watching tv and atthe same time had my legs crossed and was holding myself between my legs. At this point my friend was trying not to show any desperation while she was in the car with her dad and sister. I then made myself a little game out of it. I was ganna try to hold without any spurting or wetting untill she gets home.

About 20 minutes pass and im at the edge of just loosing control. She texts me saying she is on her street and at that time i was already in the bathroom crossing my legs and holding myself tight. About 5 minutes later she finaly gets home and goes to her room, but i still wanted to challenge myself, so i came up with the idea that im ganna try to see how long i can hold my pee in without holding myself between my legs. I put my hands behind my back unless i was texting, and start pressing my thighs together really tight, when i all of a sudden start to feel my dick get really weak from holding the pee in so long. I start bouncing up dan down a bit when i feel a small warm spurt of pee leak out into my briefs. It felt so great but was really hard to stop because my dick and bladder were soon going to give up and relax.

I still continue not to hold myself when another 3 second spurt leaks out, and i felt it go into my pajamas. I really like my pajama pants, so i untied them, took them off and walking into my bathtub. Still texting my friend who was also very desperate at this point, i start feeling the warm pee slowly come out into my briefs. I still didt wanna grab myself but managed to stop the flow, but i knew i just couldnt hold it any longer. 

I pressed my thighs together and thats when i felt my bladder give up completly as all my pee started rushing out of me making a huge dark spot on my briefs. The warm liquid spreading around my crotch and running down my thighs felt so amazing, along wih the relief of just letting it all go. I step out of the tub and take of my underwear to look at them, and they were soaked, and i mean SOAKED. Of course after holding for so long and then wetting i was really aroused at that moment. 

So while my friend was still holding also on the edge of wetting, i admit i did decide to masterbate while texting my friend. Just imagining her holding herself and bouncing around made me even more aroused, and when i got the message saying she couldnt hold it any longer and started to wet, thats when i had started to c** majorly. I had the best night in a long time.

If any body ever feels like holding with me. Leave me a message :) (not to offend anyone or anything but i only hold with females)

*002*2012-04-02 00:39

Hahaha oh i know XD

