Held it all night and wet my leggings (pics)

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2021-05-01 22:22

Last night I forgot to pee before I went to sleep, and I'd been drinking a lot of water. I fell asleep fine, but I woke up around 4am needing to go badly. I squirmed around and thought about getting up, but it felt really nice, so I decided to try to go back to sleep and hold it until morning. I just crossed my legs and tried to ignore the need, and eventually I was out again.

I woke up again several hours later, and for a few seconds I forgot about the situation, but then I felt a surge of desperation and had to quickly hold myself. My bladder was firm and very full when I pressed on it, even the slight pressure made me feel like I'd wet. I had to go really really bad. The feeling turned me on a lot, and when I slipped my hand down my leggings I felt that my pussy was already wet and my clit was throbbing. I rubbed myself a little to help hold on, then crossed my legs tight again. For a few minutes I just stayed there squirming, but I didn't want to risk accidentally wetting my bed, so I got up.

The motion of standing up made me completely frantic, instantly I felt like I'd pee myself, but I held my pussy and danced in place until the urge calmed down a little. I knew I wasn't going to make it very long. Just to increase the challenge I made myself drink some water, my hand holding tight between my legs the whole time. It almost made me leak but I managed to hang on.

I wandered around for a while, switching between pacing and sitting down, bouncing constantly. My bladder was full to bursting and I was whimpering from the effort of keeping my pee in. I danced and squirmed and rubbed my pussy, but eventually I leaked a tiny bit in my leggings. It felt like I could barely wait any longer, so I quickly rushed to the bathroom.

Once I got there I leaned against the wall, still bouncing in place and rubbing myself frantically. Another leak came out, and I pressed my legs together really hard, trying to keep it in long enough to pull my leggings down and go pee. It worked for about a second before the desperation overwhelmed me. I leaked a few more times, but my bladder was at its limit, and I started going in my leggings. It was slow, but I couldn't stop it from coming out at all, I just stood there against the wall while I peed myself. It felt so good and I could barely focus, but I managed to eventually stop the flow. The floor wasn't wet but I was soaked past my knees, and I still had to go really bad. I hurriedly pulled my leggings partway off and sat down, finally letting go in a hissing stream, I peed for a long time.

The pics I managed to get were an afterthought so they're not great quality haha. I took the first one partway through wetting and the other two after

*006*2021-05-06 23:47

{{On 5/3/2021 at 9:34 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

When you were peeing the rest of the way were your panties still up?

}}

Wasn't wearing panties actually, just the leggings

