Never Have I Ever

Author: Guest Lord Reek

*000*2020-05-25 09:48

Hey guys, I initially posted this in 'Omo General' but as is often the case, it got drowned out but the sheer number of new posts that come in daily, so I decided to post here to see if I had any luck.

In my boredom I'm sat here putting together a compilation of photos of me and my friends throughout uni as a goodbye video(I'm graduating this year), and seeing one of the girls I lived with in first year I actually remembered a fun night we had drinking with the flat.

This particular girl, who for the purposes of the story we'll call 'Marianne', was in the UK for her year abroad, so not knowing anyone, she lived in our halls as a slightly older student while we were all freshers.

We spent a night in having a few drinks and given that it was early on in the year we had the idea of playing "Never Have I Ever" to get to know each other better. As is usual the questions started out quite tame and got progressively more personal/deep. Inevitably someone eventually said "Never have I ever wet myself as an adult."

At this point we looked around, no one drank, until Marianne sheepishly picked up her beer and took a sip. As was expected there was a bit of laughter followed by "Oh go on, what happened?" and "STORY TIME!".

The story was that Marianne was in a shared flat when she was in her first year of uni in her home country. She said that she woke up one morning absolutely desperate for a wee, and ran to the one bathroom she shared with the 3 other girls in her flat and to her horror she found it locked as one of the girls was showering. Her two housemates apparently also came out to check if the bathroom was free but they weren't in Marianne's predicament. She said she tried her damnedest to hold it but eventually lost the battle and wet her pyjama pants in front of the other 2 flatmates.

Needless to say this story was quite exciting to hear from my point of view, but obviously being quite private about omo, I didn't ask for further details or anything like that, and just enjoyed the rest of my night occasionally thinking back to the story.

I had a thought about the whole situation. It may be a slightly devious way of subtly getting stories out of people who aren't necessarily into omo etc. but has anyone else found it to be a way to get an enjoyable anecdote out of others?

