My first accident in front of my boyfriend

Author: Guest Camila_may

*000*2020-02-19 11:20

This is my first time writing on here so please don’t expect anything too great.

I've always had a very weak bladder , so when me and my boyfriend go out we always have to stop off at a restroom, especially on a night where we’re out for ages or long car rides. so he was used to me complaining about needing a wee But Whenever I brought the need up to him, he’d always tell me not to panic and if I’m really desperate we’ll find somewhere to top off at.

However this one time I was extremely desperate and just to point out I have quite bad anxiety around it all as I’m always panicked that I’ll have an accident in front of him but when I panic it makes me need to pee more it’s really strange. Although after I actually had an accident in front of him he was really kind about it all and there’s been a few more accidents since this one.

So let’s get straight to the point , how it happened, me and my boyfriend was going out for the day. we firstly went to see his parents that was a good hour long car ride as there was more traffic than usual. so by the time I was at his parents house my need to wee was really bad but of course my luck being we couldn’t use the bathroom at the minute as they had a decorator round painting there bathroom just my luck . my boyfriend obviously didn’t tell me about this so now he had to watch his girlfriend try and hide the fact she was so desperate to wee. anyways the plan was to get picked up by some friends from his parents as we were going out for the day we had it all planned cinema, dinner out then then head back to his parents to get his car then head home.

But of course my bladder ruined this we had been at his parents house for about an hour and his friends were on their way at this point I was panicked and thinking when will I get to the toilet , my boyfriend also was worried for me and I got a text saying “ as soon as we’re in the car I’ll tell them we need to stop off somewhere” so that was the plan I could finally go for a wee when we STOP OFF SOMEWHERE! , I knew I wouldn’t be able to make it.

I was so so desperate now to the point my leg was bouncing, when his friends came we quickly jumped in the car it was Very tight the whole car was full me and my boyfriend was sat together in the back with one of his friends but thank god my boyfriend was sat in the middle. We then started driving and my just as my boyfriend was about to say we needed to stop his friend said “ traffic is terrible so we’re gonna be stuck on the motorway for a little while” this was the end for me and my boyfriend had not thought about this scenario very well at all.

As we were approaching The motorway I squeezed my boyfriends hand and he knew what this meant he then quickly mentioned to our friends that I needed to wee really badly and he wasn’t sure that I’d make it but it was too late we were already on the motorway. I knew it was going to happen one day but not in front of my boyfriend and his friends, I wasn’t even in my car or my boyfriends car!

I was holding my crotch the best that I could but I felt it a squirt of wee came out and i looked out the window nearly crying , then I couldn’t stop the squirts i new my wee was going to get on my boyfriend and he definitely knew I had just had an accident in that moment I just burst out crying and my boyfriend grabbed my hand and told me it doesn’t matter you’ve been holding it for the longest time , he also told me not to cry. His friends were all now saying it wasn’t a big deal they knew I had a small bladder too.

We then decided that it was best for me and my boyfriend to go back to his parents house so we could get his car and go back to his place. So after some time we eventually got back to his parents house and I waited outside near his car as I didn’t want his parents to see me in wet pants. As soon i we got in his car I just said I’m sorry and he hugged me and said he had a feeling you weren’t gonna make it. He also said that his friends texted him to ask if I was okay and that it’s not a big deal at all but to me it was. And that’s the story about when I wet myself in front of my boyfriend.

