Losing Control

Author: Gigglyrocks

*000*2017-03-01 03:59

Yesterday, I decided that today would be an ideal day for a hold. I had just gotten an adult diaper as well, so I went to sleep in it. First thing this morning, I got out of bed and let loose into it. I peed so much that it overflowed and spilled on the floor! Now that my morning burden was gone, it was time to start the fun part.

After tossing the diaper in the hamper, I picked out my favorite white and grey striped panties and some tight blue jeans. I didn't put the jeans on yet, since they were pretty uncomfortable, but I did put on the panties. I poured myself a glass of water and drained it twice within 2 hours. Since I wanted to weaken my bladder muscles, I spent the first hour and a half or so going to the bathroom every 10 minutes. By 10:45 this morning, I decided it was time to let the flood build.I pulled on my jeans and buttoned them tight so that they would press mercilessly against my bladder.

Then I poured myself another glass of water, and within 15 minutes, I was already quite desperate. I gripped myself as I sat at my computer, working. I felt my pee slamming against my urethra and I pressed y hand between my legs in an attempt to soften the hard, painful blows against my throbbing pussy. I rocked back and forth in my chair, getting up every few minutes to refill my water. Every time I felt a wave of pain from my bladder, i took a huge sip from my glass. It wouldn't be long now.

By 11:15, I was moaning and cringing so much that I had to get up and walk to get the desperation to subside. I teased myself a bit, leaning against tables and pressing my bladder. The pain hot through my abdomen, but I felt pleasure course through my veins. I leaned against my dining room table, taking sips of water and gasping for breath as I focused on controlling the flood in my bladder. And then it happened.

A small spurt escaped my body. I jammed my hands between my legs and managed to stop the flow, but I was already starting to get a wet patch. As I regained my composure and began to relax, I felt another stream. I stopped that one too and followed it with more water. Eventually my streams were getting more desperate, yet every time I let a little out, I felt the pressure grow. I fought this battle for probably 30 minutes before it was too late. My poor overworked bladder spilled into my jeans, and I was helpless to stop it. I felt the warm liquid fill my panties and began running down my jeans. I moaned, feeling absolutely incredible. I must have spent 2 minutes kneeling on the floor as i peed myself. I made a huge puddle, and my jeans and the bottom of my t-shirt were thoroughly soaked. I lay in my puddle and rubbed my throbbing clit until I orgasmed, then I peed again, feeling it flow through my fingers. It was definitely worth the cleanup!

