Bedwetting in sweatpants!!

Author: GoobooGooboo

*000*2025-01-25 18:48

Hi!! I'm back again!! Imma post about my accident in bed I had last night!

Okay, so. To set the scene if you haven't seen my other accident! I'm a small girl! Only weighing 122 pounds, roughly! I'm only 5'2. I have a weak, small bladder!

Well, I'm completely new to this fetish and this website, but I've had an absolute blast being here! I've peed my bed twice now since being here. I'm gonna tell you about the time that happened last night!

I was laying in bed wearing my grey panties and grey sweatpants. I had a lighter grey nightshirt on as well! I was on this website waaaay later than I should have been, I don't work today so it's fine, but I was just having fun texting a bunch of different people on here. Well, inevitably, I needed to pee after a while. Well, talking to a bunch of people who like it when you need to pee means they'll tease you about it or talk about it with you! As that was happening I was sipping on my second 23 ounce bottle of water! So. It was filling my bladder fasssst! My bladder as I said is small.

So here I am holding it in my bed feet pointed at the wall, laying on my back. I felt myself leak. My grey panties got slightly wet and it caught me off guard, well that was just enough time for my bladder to be like GO NOWW. So.. that little leak caused my bladder to relax. I felt myself pee a bit and soak my panties. I couldn't stop it... so I just layed there as I totally soaked myself in bed. My grey sweatpants for soakkkeddd. My thighs and butt also got soaked!! I was laying in a pee puddle and I felt awesome!! The relief was just so incredible! I know I'm so so naughty for peeing my bed perhaps I deserve a spanking or to be diapered since I can't be trusted to hold my pee in. Hehehe.

Thanks for reading this! If anyone wants to message me you can! I love talking to a bunch of different people! Girls, guys, anyone in-between! I love it!! Thank you all for being so so kind to me being new here!

*003*2025-01-25 19:11

{{6 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

This is so perfect 😊 Everything about this. Gray is my favorite color to wet . It’s so fun seeing it spread everywhere and sweatpants are just so cozy to pee in, ESPECIALLY in bed! Sounds like you had fun. Now I wanna do the same thing tonight 😂

}}

Hehehe. You definitely encouraged me a little bit!!

I also wanna do it again tonight...maybe in the day?! Since I don't work today!

Hehe. I think bedwetting is my favorite thing so far!

{{21 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

Good that you're enjoying yourself and becoming more and more wet as time goes on

}}

Yesss! I'm naughty. Peeing my bed hehe. More bed wetting seems possible ahaha.

*006*2025-01-25 19:15

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

Good girls wet the bed

}}

Hehehe. I don't know about that one ! I felt quite naughty!

{{1 minute ago, Aj315 said:

Naughty little bed setters need diapers and spankings

}}

Ooooh really?? If only hehe.

*011*2025-01-25 23:16

{{5 minutes ago, Sprite said:

Wow, that sounds like it was both really enjoyable, and really hot!

I know for a fact that I'd definitely diaper you up after that. The more "accidents" you have, the longer the stay in diapers would be~

}}

Hehehe. I love that!! You better diaper me and keep me in them hehe. Until I finally decide to be a good girl!

*014*2025-01-25 23:39

{{13 minutes ago, Sprite said:

But Gooboo! Good girls go potty in their pants!

}}

Hmmmm. Are you suuuureeee? Maybe if I pee in the toilet I'd get the spanks and be diapered heehee!!

{{3 minutes ago, Catflat said:

That’s such a hot story! It’s awesome seeing someone explore this fetish for the first time! Keep up the accidents at this rate and you’ll be a pro in no time lol.

}}

Hehe. I definitely plan on keeping up!! It's so fun!! Thanks for the comment!!

$

*017*2025-01-26 00:08

{{6 minutes ago, Sprite said:

I mean, if you did that, then you'd be boooorrriiiing~

%https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/PRUSZ3k1rgs?feature=oembed

}}

Hehehe. That's true. It would needs

{{2 minutes ago, DesperateLeak said:

I bet it let an adorable wet spot, thanks for sharing the story. Cute little leaks that lead to the inevitable are so fun. I love the idea of the grey getting darker as well! I hope you continue having fun, and that eventually someone will help you "avoid" future accidents.

}}

Yesss! One day!! It'll be so funnnn!!

