My Partner Held For Me

Author: Girlwhowaited

*000*2017-06-12 05:12

So... This is my first published omorashi story. I've been into omorashi for years, but that's a story I'll get into for another time. My partner knows about my fetish and decided to indulge me on my last night in town before going on a two week vacation. He took me out to a really nice dinner and about halfway through he told me he was at a 7 ½. It was really abrupt and I thought I'd misheard him at first but he was squirming around a little bit and looked genuinely uncomfortable. He told me that he was wanting to hold it until we got home because he knew I liked it. At that point my focus was hardly on my food and more on my growing arousal.

We ate and talked for another 20 minutes or so before we asked for some boxes and our check. Inexplicably he kept drinking throughout the rest of the meal and then commenting on how bad of an idea it was. I kind of wish we'd gotten to enjoy the meal more, but cutting it short was way worth the show I got. When we left the restaurant, he basically jogged out to the car. The entire drive home, he was squirming, and we live about 30 minutes away. He was clenching his legs, and bounced up and down every once in a while. Towards the end of the drive, I saw him pushing his fist against his crotch. Traffic was smooth, thank God for him, a bit unfortunate for me.

However, once we got off the freeway we hit every single light, and one of them twice. At this point he was muttering swear words and bouncing up and down in his seat. He was holding his penis and his legs were pressed as tightly together as possible. When we got out of the car he ran for the door but had troubles getting the key in the lock. As soon as he was inside he kicked his shoes off and ran to the bathroom. I waited outside the bathroom for him and heard him release a long stream into the bowl. It lasted for a little over a minute. As soon as he got out, I grabbed him and kissed him passionately. What happened after is just between us, but I will say we barely made it up the stairs ;).

The excitement of the event made me forget that I hadn't been to the restroom either since I left work that afternoon, about 6 hours before. While we were having sex, he was pressing against my bladder and my urge resurfaced suddenly. I had to pee so badly that I was almost leaking. I let him know but we kept at it and somehow I kept it in.

*002*2017-06-14 00:31

{{On 6/12/2017 at 9:45 AM, mistress said:

That's hot that he held it for you and it's also hot that you two didn't even stop for you to pee that you just held it in and kept going I bet you had to go badly afterwards!

}}

Oh my god I barely made it to the bathroom! Thank you so much for replying! It means a lot that you enjoyed my story.

