Celebrating University Graduation with Mum & Friends - Part II

Author: Guest danitiger

*000*2021-08-22 21:01

Warning: Quite Graphic!

Part II

My mum was still asleep in the taxi when we arrived at my flat. I woke her up and due to being tired and exhausted, she half drunk from the drinks, half drunk from her sleepiness walked the stairs up to my flat and went straight into my room. She took off her white jeans, threw them on the floor and more or less collapsed on my bed saying "Good night!". It all went so fast that I could hardly react. "Don't you wanna brush your teeth or go to the bathroom before you go to bed?"

"No, I just need to sleep now, I'm very tired, good night!"

Actually my mum was supposed to sleep on a mattress on the floor as I can almost only sleep in my bed equipped with a special mattress due to a broken back a few years ago. I thought that it would be really weird if I slept in a bed together with my mum at my age, but I knew that if I would sleep on the floor, my back would probably hurt for the next two weeks. Since my bed was quite big, I decided to still sleep in my bed as well. At least we had two different bed covers, so everybody should be able to sleep safe and sound.

At night I suddenly woke up and at first thought it was a dream. But my mum accidentally bumped into me while trying to climb out of bed. It was totally dark and I first had to orientate myself. My mum also seemed a little unsteady on her feet and so I switched on the light. My mum was standing next to my bed - still in her black thong and red blouse - trying to find the door. I don't know why, but the first thing I noticed in my drunk head were some pimples on her slightly chubby butt. My mum is usually rather shy and modest regarding those things, but obviously she was "drunk enough" that she did not mind running around in just a thong in front of me.

- What's up, mum? Are you sick?

- No, I don't think so. Just a little dizzy, but I'm ok. I just need to go pee.

My mum went to the bathroom and I looked at the clock: 5.30 a.m.

I was now also a little awake, so I decided to go to the kitchen and get some water. On my way there I could hear some sounds from the bathroom. At first I thought that my mum was just peeing really hard, but then I could hear a loud fart followed by many many splashes. It sounded like my mum had really bad diarrhea. I cannot remember that I had ever heard my mum fart or poop before, but this could not be overheard. Even when I came back from the kitchen it sounded like my mum was still pooping away. I went back to bed and waited for her.

About 10 minutes later she came back. She did not say anything, but just went back to bed and I switched off the light. I tried to fall asleep again, but my mum seemed a little restless and was tossing herself from left to right which made it also hard for me to sleep again. I laid totally still and pretended to be asleep. My mum still seemed to be awake as I could hear her breathing that way and suddenly I heard a muffled fart from her side. And then another. I did not need to hear and, above all, not smell that, so I turned to the other side and hoped that I could fall asleep. But just when I thought I would fall asleep, my mother got out of bed again and went to the bathroom. Once again she came back about 10 minutes later and I think now we both fell asleep again.

I must have slept for a few hours when all of a sudden my mum seemed to straighten up on her side of the bed, leaving the whole bed shaking so that I woke up. I looked at my mum and she was still lying flat and despite the fact that she seemed to be sweating, she had pulled the bed cover tight around her whole body.

- Morning mum, are you ok!?

- Yah...I think....kind of, don't worry.

My mum stared straight at the ceiling and seemed kind of red and sweaty in the face while some of her makeup from last night was somehow smudged, especially around the eyes. Then some really pungent smell hit my nostrils, but I did not know where it was coming from.

- Mum, did you just fart? Or what's that smell?

- I don't know, I can't smell anything. But I definitely didn't fart. But could you open some of the windows, please, just to let in some fresh air.

I then went and opened my windows. When I went back to bed the smell was still there though, so it could not be a fart. Maybe we stepped in something on the way home last night.

- Mum, do you already want some breakfast or take a shower now?

- No, not yet, I need a few more minutes. But maybe you can get up already and have breakfast or take a shower, I don't mind.

- Nah...I'm kinda having a headache. I will get some water, but then I need to chill in bed a little longer. Do you want some water as well?

- No, I'm good, thanks.

I then went to the kitchen to get some water and when I got back to my room I quickly realized how bad my room smelled despite the windows being open.

- Oh my god, it smells worse that a lion's cage in here, what the fuck is that?

- I don't know...

My mum was still lying in bed with her bed cover tightly pressed around her body and even almost over her head.

When I was back on my side of the bed I tried to locate the smell by sniffing around the bed a little. When I got closer to my mum's side, the smell definitely got worse.

- Mum, I'm sure the smell is coming from your side, what is that? Are you sure you did not fart? Or did you poop on yourself?

I was trying to make a joke, but my mum suddenly looked totally embarrassed and like she was about to cry.

- Bring me my handbag, please!

- Ok.

I gave her her red handbag from last night.

- Now please look to the other side of the room.

I thought that maybe some surprise was waiting for me, but I could only hear her rummaging in her handbag and taking out something. She then started spraying something in all directions which turned out to be her perfume. It smelled really nice, but after a few minutes the smell of the perfume mixed with the other smell and that was not so nice.

Then my smartphone rang. It was the friend who chugged the beer with my mum last night. He told me how crazy last night was and asked how we are doing and how bad our hangover is. I said that mine is not so bad and he asked me to say hi to my mum. "She really is the most chill mum I've ever met, so congrats on that, bro! You should definitely bring her along more often when we go out. Do you guys wanna come around and have some breakfast with me, Phil and the other guys?" I answered that we will see, but we might need some more time to rest, take a shower, etc.

I then said hi to my mum from him and told her what he said about being the coolest/most chill mum around. However, instead of being happy, my mum now really had tears in her eyes and started sniffing.

- Muuuum! What the fuck is wrong? Are you being emotional about something?

- I've been sick, ok!!!

- Oh no, do you have to puke or did you...?

- ...my my stomach is acting weird....ok!? ....maybe it is from the beer or some other drink....or I don't know....

- Ok, do you need some medication? I've got some pills for stomach issues.

- ....no, it is....you know....I kinda need to go to the bathroom...

- Ok, then go, what's the problem?

My mum started to cry really hard now and I did not really know what to do or what the problem was. I tried to comfort her by hugging her, but she kind pushed me away and started to cry even harder.

Then, almost screaming:

- I HAD A FUCKING ACCIDENT.....OKAYYY!??????? I have diarrhea and I couldn't hold it, OKAAAY!??? THAT IS MY FUCKING PROBLEM!

While saying the last words, she lifted up her bed cover and I could only see underneath for a brief moment, but all I could see looked like a see of brown around her butt. Now the stench also hit me full force and I almost puked on the spot. I was still trying to process what my mum had just told and shown to me.

I did not really know what to say, but only mentioned something like "we need to clean this up now".

The first thing I did was getting two Covid protection masks on top of each other because I could hardly stand the smell.

My mum then started crying again and said: "I have ...to go even more....I need to get to the bathroooooom...oh my god....I can't hold this"

I wished that I could open my room windows even further, which was unfortunately not possible and then I got some tissues and old towels and demanded that my mum should sit up and carefully lift the bed cover. My mum then carefully lifted the bed cover, but still somehow tried to shield the stain and herself with it. I told her that either she will have to clean up everything on her own or she should let me help her.

As soon as she had fully lifted the cover and put it to the side a little, she started dry-heaving heavily.

- Do you have to puke as well now?

I then ran into the bathroom and brought her a bucket as I did not want vomit in my bed on top of all that. She was still breathing heavily and she then dry-heaved several more times, most likely because of the smell, but did not vomit. Only my Covid protection masks prevented me from puking all over the bed myself as they really stifled the smell quite well. Instead of puking, she said again crying that her stomach is acting up and that she has to go some more. I told her that it does not matter anymore and she should just go in the bed as we will have to clean up anyway, but she said that she can't/does not want to and insisted on going to the toilet right now.

Once again I told her that she is not gonna walk through my flat in her state and spread the mess even more, so she should at least take off her panties on the bed and take a towel to clean herself a little. She was now sitting in the bed peeling off her thong and getting poop everywhere from her thighs to her feet. Her thong was, of course, a total mess and she not only had poop in her asscrack and on her back up to her red blouse (which had a wet stain), but also on the front and even her formerly shiny pussy piercing was covered in poop. 

I then gave her a towel to clean herself and she then went to the bathroom to use the toilet and take a shower while I dealt with the bed and her thong. I honestly just put everything in a plastic bag and threw it out in the trash as I did not want any of that in my washing machine.

Well, that is kind of the end to this bizarre story...

