Desperate Day Trip

Author: Guest Laurence S.

*000*2023-07-21 23:03

A year or so ago I took a trip to Los Angeles with my mother. It was May, and the weather was marvelously tempered by the ocean fog. One day, we hadn’t any obligations and decided that we would go for a stroll by the sea, and then visit a Museum. That morning I roused dozily around eight thirty, and lay languorously in my bed as crisp morning light poured in. My mother was already up, having granola and coffee. I ambled into the shower, and she had gone down by the time I was out. I made myself some toast for breakfast, and steeped coffee in a French press we’d bought the day before.

That morning, we walked to the Marina Del Ray, and stopped at a Trader Joes along the way. We bought some snacks –– I had pineapple and orange juice. It was a rather nice stroll, but it began to get hot, so we started back to the apartment. I used the bathroom to flush out the juice and coffee I’d been sipping on all morning. I sat down with a nice book, and brewed a cup of tea, and read for half an hour before we had to leave for the museum. My mother popped in just before we had to go, and began to rush me out of the door — though I hadn’t yet finished the tea.

I started gulping it down, but she snapped, “don’t do that, you’ll just have to pee.”

I blushed and quickly set the cup down before dashing out the door. I was a bit indignant about her condescending tone, but at the same time I had to admit myself that it was probably unwise of me to drink so much before a day in the city. I knew all that juice and tea would be promptly making its way to my bladder. The ‘day in the city’ in question was soon thrust into action, and these reservations floated to the back of my mind. The museum was laid out sort of circularly, such that one had to go through the whole loop to get back to the visitor’s center. We got in just in time for our time slot and set out for the first room.

It was a very eccentric emulation of the white house fashioned out of cloths. It was a bit later, as we were making our way through these interesting light rooms that I felt a familiar pinch in my bladder. It occurred to me that I had not inquired about a bathroom in the lobby. I considered backtracking through the exhibit, but we were already halfway around, so I wearily decided to keep going and go around the other way to the lobby. As my mother and I drifted from one piece to the next, I found it more and more difficult to focus on the art. That tingly pressure in my pelvis was becoming the primary concern of my mind.

Now, my mother is what you would call a connoisseur of art –– the sort of person who likes to take her time in a museum. She would periodically come upon a piece which really struck her fancy and stand transfixed before it for several minutes. During these periods, I would be positioned a few feet behind her, gazing blankly at whatever painting had attracted her attention. Engrossed in my own discomfort, a few short minutes began to seem like several terrible hours. I would subtly shift my weight, sway from side to side, slyly jut out my hip to pinch my upper thighs together. If I weren’t shifting about, I would stand with my legs close together, like a soldier at attention, keeping my thighs and pelvic floor tensed –– or, with one foot a bit in front of the other, pronating my back knee in toward the popliteal of my front one.

I thought it much too gauche to cross my legs, or knock my knees together, or some such vulgarity. During these periods of duress, standing before a painting, I was to remain as covert as possible. It was inconceivable that I should reveal my distress to my mother, because of my own personal sense of dignity, and because of that condescending remark she had made earlier in the day. It was out of the question to rush her along in any way, to suggest that her musings be cut short, and that we should perhaps transition to the next painting. 

An overt display of this sort –– or any physical demonstrations which could not be passed off as regular behavior –– would be disastrous. It would be received by a coy look, the appearance of a cheeky dimple, and a condescending smile. She would make some snide remark about my having drunk too much this morning, and with a piteous laugh she would send me off to the bathroom, my tail between my legs. This was not to be had, and so it was that I would stand before these paintings, indulging in subtle palliative movements, and wishing the time past.

I peered around the final corner, and upon seeing that gleaming neon icon –– “exit” –– a wave of relief shuddered through me. I simply had to put up the final stint –– a 30-foot hall’s worth of laborious meandering and vacant observation –– and I would be free of the rotten pressure in my belly. However, as I reached the luxurious doors at the end of the hall, prepared to burst through in a single regal motion, I noticed something awry behind their tinted glass. It appeared my grand exit would spit me out into the outdoor courtyard, rather than the lobby as I had anticipated.

This architectural anomaly, which for the moment seemed to do nothing but relief my grande sortie of some of its pomp, soon revealed itself to be a disastrous obstacle. I approached the doorman, and explained that although my reservation was not, in fact, the proper time slot for the hour at hand, I simply wanted to slip in for a moment to use the lavatories –– doing so with all the appropriate bienséance. He looked at me dryly, drawing up the corners of his mouth as if to shrug –– an expression which seemed to suggest that I should have known better.

“My apologies Sir, but you’ll need the appropriate reservation in order to enter the museum.” He pointed at the queue of people standing behind a sign which read “reservations.”

Before I could put together a polite protest, the doorman stepped past me and greeted the next people in line. My heart dropped, and I began to feel the first stirrings of panic in my gut as I walked back toward the exit doors to greet my mother. Now, I had left the exhibit slightly before my mother, such that she was not privy to my exchange with the doorman and was still unaware of my unfortunate predicament. It did not seem to occur to her that I had drank altogether too much in the morning, and that I hadn't yet powered my cheeks during the course of our little day-trip –– and I had a mind to keep it that way.

I assumed a nonchalant character and suggested that we visit the gift shop. The shop was a modest affair, and it did not take long for me to discover that, in its modesty, it did not maintain a bathroom. As I perused the shelves coolly, my face started to go all blotchy and cold. I stepped behind a tall shelf of books and took the liberty of tightly crossing my legs for a moment. This was not good at all, and I was starting to become very worried. I assuaged myself with the thought of a quick drive home –– that this would all be over in half an hour. I walked to my mother at the counter, and she gave me a concerned look.

“You’re so pale, what’s the matter?”

Quick on my toes, I summoned a comment suggesting I was simply hungry. This little charade backfired however, and she quickly latched onto the idea of our going to the lunch in the area. She asked the cashier what was good in the area, and we were referred to a food market nearby. I did my best to maintain my composure as we walked the few blocks to the Grand Central Market. Our conversation was terse and limited, and I would periodically dip behind her to press my legs together, or crouch down for a moment. It was becoming challenging to hide my distress from her, but for some strange reason I was determined to maintain my dignity, to rebuke her little snide comment about my having drunk too much. I imagine however that she had her suspicions about the origin of my terse comments, and droppings-back.

The food market was a marvelous place, but I had a mind only for finding the beloved restroom. I was woefully delayed when we came upon pizza place, at which my mother declared we would eat. Once we’d ordered, I quietly remarked that I was going to look for the restroom. She gave me that sly, knowing, infuriating, smile –– but simply said that she would come too. Finally, I saw those two angelic black figures at the entrance to the basement. I eagerly trotted down the stairs, only to be treated to a great shock; the packed market had produced an equally packed line for the bathroom. I observed, with a great deal of indignance, that the establishment was equipped with multi-gender rooms rather than standard mass bathrooms.

My mother, remarking that it looked like a decent wait, left me in line while she fetched the pizzas. For a few moments I tried to stand normally, wearily watching the winding queue of people. I soon lost any regard for public decency, hunching over and tightly securing one leg over the other. The line crept forward, and after an agonizing fifteen minutes my mother came sauntering down the stairs with pizza in hand. I forced myself to uncoil my legs and stand up straight.

“Oh dear, the lines barely moved at all. Why don’t we eat while the pizza’s warm, and find a bathroom afterward?”

Curiously, she did not seem to perceive the extent of my desperation. In doing so, she presented me with a terrible deliberation. Should I writhe in place while the line meanders forward, or take a risk and hope that our meal would be followed by prompt relief? It appeared I still had a long time to wait, and standing in place was becoming increasingly untenable. The added benefit of deserting the queue –– though it was an irrational one –– was that I would maintain the veneer of cool restraint in the eyes of my mother. The words that came out of my mouth as I agreed to go eat sounded oddly distant.

We found a table, and I sat gingerly in the metal chair. My bladder pushed up on my stomach like an over inflated balloon –– like a large rock had been lodged in my pelvis. I was sweating, and I couldn’t sit still. I met my mother’s eyes, and she held my gaze with a knowing look.

“Honey, what’s the matter?” Her voice was dripping with disingenuity –– sing-songy, and almost childish. I glared at her and bit the inside of my bottom lip. The jig was up.

“I have to use the bathroom.” My voice was raspy. She pursed her lips in an expression of sympathy.

“I’m sure there’s one in the area.” Her look of sympathy broke into a subtle smile. “Too much tea?”

I looked down and didn’t reply. I’d lost my battle for isolated dignity, but my intense desperation was now a more pressing matter. I had crossed my legs snugly crossed beneath the table and was focused exclusively on tensing my pelvic floor. My mother, now privy to my predicament, would have to be in charge of all further searches and deliberations. It was decided that we would make our way back to the car and stop into any suitably equipped establishment along the way. I shuffled stiffly, focused intensely on controlling my bladder. My mother flashed a concerned glance my way and patted my back. I observed the sidewalk closely, letting my mother identify somewhere for me to relieve myself. I was, it turned out, most unfortunate.

Downtown LA is very sparse, and there are very few businesses fitted with the appropriate public bathrooms. My mother inquired unsuccessfully at a few places, and soon enough we were back at the parking lot. I was beside myself with desperation by now. A pee-pee dance is the sort of thing one associates only with small children; but it is the only way to properly describe my behavior. I was shifting quickly from foot to foot, crouching down rhythmically. I was utterly humiliated to be doing this in front of my mother, but I couldn’t stop moving for the life of me. I still had my exhibition guide and was holding it in front of my crotch –– a perverse display of modesty, as if trying to hide the origin of my distress.

“I wish you’d told me earlier dear, why didn’t you go in the museum?”

I simply shrugged; there was nothing I could say. She presented two options with efficient tact. We could keep searching by foot, or get in the car. Then, she hesitated. There was a third option.

“Do you want to go behind the car?”

I blushed a deep magenta. We were in a busy parking lot smack in the middle of downtown LA. As desperate as I was, I couldn’t bear the thought of that kind of public indecency.

“Get in the car,” came my terse reply.

I coiled up in the passenger seat, rocking back and forth. My mother pulled onto the highway and glanced over at me.

“Do you think you can make it make to the Air BnB?” “Yeah”

“Are you sure?”

“I don’t know.”

It was thirty minutes back, at least. I could feel that my pelvic muscles were starting to weaken, and my thighs were quaking. I had to turn to my last resort –– one which would relieve any of my notions concerning dignity. I quickly parted my legs, and wedged my hand into my crotch, grasping myself tightly. My mother watched this transpire out of the corner of her eye.

“Oh honey I’m so, so sorry,” she said, tussling my hair lovingly.

She promised me she would keep an eye out for a gas station. My eyes were closed in concentration as I pulled up tightly on my crotch. Suddenly, I heard her inhaling sharply through her teeth.

“Oh god darling, I’m sorry.” “What?”

“I’m so sorry.”

My head shot up, and I observed with horror that we were approaching a wall of cars. I groaned and pressed my head against the window. My mother started to say something, but her voice died out. I had started rhythmically squeezing my crotch, and my breath was quaky and uneven.

“Honey...it’s ok if you can’t hold it.”

I didn’t reply. I started to whimper quietly. I felt her hand touch my knee. She started to rub back and forth, soothing me. I looked up and saw that we were nearing an exit.

“Get off, please, get off.”

She slipped into the exit lane and came up to the light. I knew that the end was coming for me. I was writhing around, at the edge of my ability to hold on. My mother was searching feverishly for a gas station when I suddenly stopped whimpering. I gasped as I felt a hot sensation wind its way down the length of my penis. It shot into my pants, and I felt warmth spread against my crotch. I pinched myself and barely regained control. My mother knew what that gasp meant. She swerved onto a side street and thundered to a halt.

It was too late. My crotch had gone numb, and I felt the warmth spread against my hands. I leapt out of the car and staggered to the curb as I wet my pants. I fell onto the sidewalk and let my head fall back as I reveled in the ecstasy of relief. I shuddered as my bottom half was showered with warmth. My penis became the nexus of emanating hot bliss. My mother looked on in fascinated horror.

When I had finished, I lay there silently with closed eyes. I felt my mother grab me by my shoulders. She opened the car door and had me stand behind it. I was welling with tears and looked her in the eyes for the first time.

“It’s ok honey, accidents happen,” she said with a caring voice.

