Christmas partial accident

Author: gus74

*000*2019-12-26 04:02

First of all, let me say that I'm no longer with the girl from my previous stories (several years ago) and that my new partner (let's call her wife for short, even I never married) knows about my fetish but she's not into it an only ones peed her panties for me, sitting in the toilet.

This happened last night. We are visiting her parents for Christmas in the small touristic town where they live. After the toast and opening of presents, we went out to the house of some friends that have moved recently to the same town, to make a new toast. My wife had been drinking white wine over dinner, and we brought another bottle of white wine to our friends' house. Once there, she drunk almost an entire bottle of pineapple cider (I only got to drink one glass) while chatting, and then two more glasses of the white wine we brought. Around two o'clock there was a blackout in the whole town because of a storm of wind, but we kept chatting and drinking for another hour by candlelight.

Around three we left and drove to her parents' house. We were nearly there when my wife remembered that our present to her parents last Christmas was an automatic system to open the gates of the garden, that use to be manual.... an electrical system... and there was no electricity!

I tried the remote, in vain, so we parked in front of the gate, turn on my cellphone's lantern and tried to figure out how to get inside, since everyone were sleeping and we had no way to open the gate from the outside. I don't remember why but we started to laugh (most likely because of the whole situation) and my wife says "don't make me laugh that I really need to pee". Then I realized that, a) for the way she laughed she was very drunk, and b) since there were no lights, she hadn't gone to the bathroom in our friend's house, and now she was unable to go here!

I must say that, unlike my previous "wife", she's not of the "pee dance" type and you can't barely tell that she needs to pee. Also, that she rarely gets desperate, and the closest I have seen her to have a real accident was while driving in long trips (she usually drives, I'm not very good at it), when she ends up squatting besides the car's open door.

Back to the story, we decided to try and climb the wall beside the gate, that it's the only part that it's accessible if someone helps you. She started to laugh about having to climb a fence wearing a dress and sandals (what she almost never wears, since she prefers more sporty outfits) as I help her to get on top of the small wall. Then she tried to help me climb, laughing all the time, but drunk as she was, she couldn't. So she unclimbed inside the garden and went to the house. Maybe not to let me alone outside too long, or because she wasn't that desperate, she didn't go inside to pee but came back soon with a beach lounge chair, that she passed to me over the wall (as I said is not very tall, so we could see each other's faces). I opened the chair beside the wall and used it to climb on top of it... and as I placed my weight on the wall, I heard the chair closing behind me and falling flat to the floor...

My wife started laughing hysterically, and I laughed too, but in her drunken state she kept laughing and suddenly said "I'm peeing!". Perched over the wall, I promptly pointed the cellphone's lantern to her feet hoping to see a lake forming beneath her but saw nothing. She kept laughing and saying "I can't hold it", "I'm losing it" and the likes while spreading her legs, and a few drops appeared in the ground between her feet, but that was it. I had to climb down again to grab the chair, place it in a different position and climb again, with my wife saying from the other side of the wall between laughs "hurry up, that I'm all wet" and "I can't believe it, I'm a mess". In the second try I finally managed to get over the wall bringing the chair with me.

Once inside the garden, she told me "let's go inside, that I still have to pee badly". I held her, trying to convince her to finish right there over the grass and into her panties, since she was already wet, and she laughed and tried to get away. I was able to sneaky a touch of her wet panties, but she said something about her sandals getting ruined and finally we went inside and into the bathroom, where she finished peeing in the toilet after removing her panties, that were soaked (her sandals had a few splashes too, but her dress was dry).

To round up the story, while she was taking a shower her mother went down the stairs asking why we didn't call her since she was waiting for us to come to open the gate, and after my wife finished showering (at the light of my cellphone) I realized that the lights had already come back (sometime after I tried to open the gate with the remote, but don't know when exactly)

Gus

