Desperate on the plane - part 3

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-14 16:34

So there I was, urgently needing to pee, trying as hard as I could to keep still while strapped into my seat on the plane as it came out of the slight turbulence the captain had warned us about. Surely, I thought, he’d turn the seat belt lights off now and I could quickly get up and rush to one of the toilets before anyone else got there first.

But no! Just as I was thinking this and preparing to undo the buckle, the captain came on again - this time with the message “Cabin crew - 10 minutes to landing”. This meant the crew started to go through their checks, going up and down the aisle and making sure we all had our seatbelts securely fastened. I could feel mine pressing against my bladder so I slipped my right hand between the belt and top of my jogging trousers while stealthily wriggling my body to ease my position, doing my very best not to let the woman sitting next to me realise why I was doing it. That’s pretty difficult when you’re almost touching each other. She was quite a well-built woman - shapely, with fleshy curves in all the right places - so, even with the armrest between us, it was hard to avoid an occasional brush of my body against hers. I’m sure she must have felt my restless movements, however much I tried to minimise them.

And by now, I was finding it practically impossible to keep still. I simply had to move, squirming in my seat and jiggling my legs as much as I dared without risking discovery in my increasingly frantic attempts to hold back the impending flood. I hoped that the woman would think I was just a bit uncomfortable. Well, I was of course! Very uncomfortable in certain areas of my body and the only way the discomfort was going to lessen was when I’d be able to let my pee flow freely out of my aching bladder - but I mean that I hoped she was thinking my body was feeling a bit stiff from the long journey and that I needed to exercise my limbs to avoid cramp, rather than the real truth.

Though strangely enough, I was getting slightly stiff….. stiff, that is, in the same part of my anatomy that men use when they’re going to the toilet. There was something about the whole situation that I found arousing, even though I was feeling very embarrassed and getting extremely worried about losing control and actually wetting myself in such a public place. Luckily, I was wearing very dark colored joggers and I hoped that, if I really did have to do it, it wouldn’t be too obvious provided I managed not to let it all out at once.

Just then, I felt the woman sitting next to me change her position in her seat and I noticed that her legs were clamped very tightly together, encased as they were in a pair of pale blue jeans. Maybe she was struggling not to wet herself too! With an unaccustomed boldness, I turned towards her and said “Not long now.” She just nodded but didn’t say anything and I had to swiftly bring my attention back to my own ‘condition’ as I felt a small spurt of pee escape into my underpants. I knew that they’d be able to absorb a few drops without much difficulty - but I was also aware of the amount of fluid in my bladder that was longing to be released.

Well, I expect you know how it is when you start to ‘go’ and then try to stop the flow. Far from easing things, the intensity of the urge to pee ratchets up several notches and you wonder if it’s going to be possible to resist it. In a strange way, for men at least (or for this man anyway) it’s a bit like the build up to a sexual climax. There comes a point when you know that you’re not going to be hold back much longer and that you’ll soon have to give in and let nature take her course as the urge towards letting go rises and rises and there comes a point when you simply can’t resist giving in to it, however much you want the pleasurable feelings to last, and you know you’re about to experience that wonderful feeling of release.

There are differences in the sensations of course - but still, maybe it’s not surprising that, even though I honestly didn’t want to wet myself, there was also a rising sense of excitement which was communicated to my body in a way that stiffened a certain part of me even more - to such an extent that I had to swiftly place the flight magazine more carefully on my lap for fear that the woman - or a passing flight attendant - would catch a glimpse of the stirrings and increasing bulge between my thighs.

One good thing is that these other sensations seemed to ease my need to pee a little and I thought that I should now just about be able to wait long enough not to soak my pants and leave a wet patch on the seat. By this time, the landing gear had come down, the flaps on the wings were extended and we were getting lower over the hills to the north of the city. We’d soon be on the ground and II reckoned I had at least a chance of making it into a toilet where I could relax completely and have that longed for relief in a much more suitable environment.

To be concluded (I hope you don’t think is too long drawn out - I’m just trying to stick as closely as I can to my memories of this event.)

