Wet my bed after squirming for hours

Author: Guest Samantha omo

*000*2020-05-05 16:37

I'm back! I'm sorry I disappered for ever but I am back with more omo goodness

So okay, I'm doing this thing where, when I'm not at work, I limit the ammount of times I can pee, I started at a limit of 6 and that was really difficult but nothing as bad as 4 pees a day.

I woke up at 8am with my legs crossed and my hands between my legs, it took me a couple of minutes to realise what was happening when I realised oh shit I really have to pee, and ya'll, I needed to pee so bad. I was squirming and crossing my legs and pushing my hand so hard against my pee hole in a futile attempt to hold it all in. I was about to get up and peg it to the toilet when I realised I wasn't at work that day so I thought I'd have some fun.

I logged on to discord on my phone and expressed my need to pee when one of the people who helps me out with these holds came on and told me that I had to hold it for longer as it was too early. I grabbed a bunch of towels as a precaution and got to work tending to my villege in animal corssing as I desperatly held on. this went on for arond half an hour when I saw a message pop up.

'Also I really want to edge someone while they hold hhn' I was already horny as fuck and well I asked if he'd do the honors and edge me. I'm not going to post the contents because it's a bit graphic and I can't be bothered to scroll up on another chat log. But he really edged me well all while tourturing my poor bladder. I didn't last long at all, a mere 5 minutes before my bladder couldn't take it anymore and emptied itself all in my pjs and panties, along with other fluids :p.

I'll be sure to update ya'll on how I do going forward, I'm down to 3 pees a day when I'm not at work and daaaaaamn it's tricky.

