Peeing so much outside was exciting 💦🥵

Author: Goddess Lissa

*000*2024-07-18 17:31

I had been holding for a while. Laying in bed not wanting to get up. Finally I decided I needed to pee and I do love being outside. As I got up I struggle to get my shorts on and am dancing around the room and holding my crotch at one point. Finally got them on as my backyard is not fenced and by a golf course. I grab my tripod and as I'm walking outside I start leaking some and I keep dancing, getting more excited to pee. Finally, releasing felt amazing. Feeling the warmth and getting excited as it continues down my leg. I knew I was full and even soaked one side of my shorts. I strip my shorts off outside, panties soaked so much they came partly down while taking shorts off and walked inside to take a nice bath. I had so much fun and hope you enjoy the pictures!

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2024-07-18 17:50

It felt amazing. So much relief. I had been holding for a while and truly barely made it outside. It felt like my stomach got smaller once I finally let myself pee.

*005*2024-07-18 18:17

Glad you loved the pictures 🙂

*007*2024-07-19 10:47

Thank you!!

*010*2024-07-19 19:24

@fredfredburger24

They are actually blue panties but so soaked haha. Glad you love the pics!

@DespAndHold

I honestly have no idea how much I let out I'm curious as well

@Nappydave

Thank you so much ❤️

*012*2024-07-19 23:14

@Incognito UK

It really did feel so good to finally pee. I've been into wetting about 4 years. My boyfriend got me into it. And thanks! Craving another tattoo haha

*016*2024-07-21 00:05

Thank you so much ❤️

*018*2024-07-21 09:15

Yes I will make more. I try and make videos a couple times a week. And will post the pictures here. My bf uploads the videos on here for sale (westernwets)

*019*2024-07-24 14:49

Thanks so much!

*022*2024-11-12 14:19

{{1 hour ago, OmoSamurai said:

I'm late to this post. Thanks for sharing. Love the pics. Couldn't help but also notice the tattoos. Is that one the wand from Sailor Moon and the other a Chip ( I see what you did there) on your shoulder?

}}

It is from Sailor Moon! Also the funny thing about Chip is when I got him years ago I didn't even think about on the shoulder until a Disney cast member told me I had a chip on my shoulder 😂😂

So the tattoo is even better than planned haha

