My second experience with a partner

Author: Gordo

*000*2024-08-24 02:20

I'll begin with some background. I've been into wetting/omo since I was about 10 or 12 to some degree. I'm 40 M now, have had many girlfriends over the years but never married- some of which I've told about my kink, some I haven't. None that have ever obliged until now. Well, I told my current girlfriend (38F, upper-class, white 5'6", 126 lbs, blue eyes reddish brown hair, and face looks like Jennifer Garner) on a weekend together at a lakeside VRBO in Kentucky. She intently asked me all about my kink and omo, and I happily obliged telling her all about it. Her face was absolutely glowing and intent as I described it! Our first experience that weekend resulted in her drinking a couple twisted teas and then releasing small amounts into an already wet swimsuit while I felt her on a secluded rock beach and a dock (with pontoons maybe 150ft away)... let me tell you, my first ever brain-orgasm..

So today I was feeling kinky as I was leaving work. Didn't go before my 20-minute drive home, because it's Friday and I'd rather pee my convertible seat than stay another 5mins on Friday afternoon- although I didn't and haven't. So it's Friday, I live in TN and she lives in IN. I told her my intentions of drinking a beer on an already full bladder and putting on some clothes I planned to throw away. She asked if I wanted to call her while I did it! So of course I obliged. Here's the play-by-play:

I started with two tallboys of Miller Highlife. I don't have a huge bladder - about 550-600ml is about all I can handle before my stomach starts cramping. My heart is beating so fast while I'm on the phone with her for both of the beers. We're talking about her day, work, kids, her house, etc. And eventually I tell her I really need to make a decision on whether I'm going to use a toilet or go in my pants. She tells me she knows what I'm going to do... and I ask her what that is? She says I'm going to go in my pants. So I ask her when, and she tells me I can go now. So I let out about 1/3rd until the pressure comes off, and my blue sweatpants are soaked down my left leg down to my socks and shoes.

I stay on the phone with her for the next hour+, releasing two more times, and telling her about the second time. I live out in the country, so my neighbors can't see me unless they are really trying to. We talk about Dom/sub things we're going to do- handcuffs, go to a kink store and buy stuff. She asks me the process- what happens next? I say, "well, what would you do if you had peed your pants? I need to take off my wet clothes and take a shower." She starts snapchat videoing with me, which results in me showing her my wet sweatpants and charcoal boxer-briefs that were almost completely wet on the front except for the very top corners by my hips. I asked her how bad it was, and she said, "it looks like you peed your pants", and in like a... you DEFINITELY peed your pants type of tone. Then, i rinsed off my lower half in the shower, and we both got naked and pleasured ourselves with eachother on snapchat video!

I can't wait for the next adventure! She seems open to wetting for me. She asked what i liked better- to wet myself or watch a woman do it. I said "to watch a woman do it is probably 10x better". So, we'll see if and when she obliges in dry clothes! I literally can't wait. Especially if it involves bdsm, which it almost definitely will. She's also told me she's an extremely heavy squirter, which I'm equally excited for.

