Bladder Hold Challenge Fail

Author: Graphical

*000*2017-07-06 00:42

Well, i'm back with another story. Please bare in mind that i'm not the best typer, so if you see any spelling mistakes or grammer mistskes, thats why. Anyways, lets get onto the story.

So, it was sometime in December, and i went to my friends house for the weekend. The thing with his parents was that they were gone all night, either working or partying. I was still 13 at the time, and so was he. For Privacy Concernes, i'll call him Daniel. Daniel was a big Fan of Omorashi, and hd only told that to his best friends. He knew i was into it, and when his parents left, he grabbed a bunch of water. I gasped, as he was bringing out those 1.5 Liter Evian Waters. In my head i told myself "Fuck me... I swear we better not drink more than 2." And then Daniel had said simply "3 Liter Bladder Hold. I've locked all the bathrooms in the house, so first one to pee there pants loses". I said said "3 Liters!? Really!? I'm going to totally piss myself then!" Daniel just laughed, and agreed to my statement. However, i knew one thing about Daniel, and that he probably had the smallest bladder ever.

I saw him dancing for a moment before he even drank the water bottles, and then I realized, "Hey, i might win this!". The first part to win was to chug untill its all gone. I won by about 15 seconds. Then he finished. I told him, "Give me your key to unlock the doors to refrain from cheating". He agreed, and gave it to me. I had put it in my bag, and locked it. About 10 minutes later, i had an idea. Considering I didnt have that much money, i uped the stakes. I said "Loser to Piss there pants has to give up $50." Daniel laughed and had said ok.

About 20 minutes passes by, and I'm starting to feel a little desprate. However, I went into his room where he was, as I left to grab my phone charger, i see him pretty much dancing around, full on potty dance. I said "aww. Does someone need to go take a piss and lose out on $50"? He quickly replied "I do need to take a piss very bad, but i dont want to lose out on $50".

About 30 minutes goes by and i'm starting to get really desprate. I'm grabbing my dick and starting to do a potty dance. I decide now was a good time on going into Daniel's room to see what shape he is in. As i open his door, he just told me "Take the $50, and take my key back and go to the bathroom". I was about to, and then i saw him give up. I got the key and the $50, which took me about 2 minutes, and see was still pissing in his pants. I said "I'll go ahead and unlock the bathroom doors". And so I did, and went to the bathroom. If he could've help it 25 minutes longer chances are I would've been pissing myself. I swear i was pissing for hours, but i know it was atleast a minute.

I'll post more despration stories soon, hopefully you enjoy the second one!

*002*2017-07-07 13:59

{{19 hours ago, trackboy said:

That is really good story. did you and him do a lot of drink and hold challenges together? at his place? your place? out walking around?? before going to a movie or biking or going running? or playing a sport together? or before lifting weights??

}}

Well, we did do alot of Bladder holds, usally at his place becuase his parents were never home. Walking around had "Daniel" have many despration stories. We did both play sports, but he wasnt millitary so we wernt seeing each other at any games. And i don't remember any despration before lifting weights.

Hopefully that anwsered your questions ^-^

*004*2017-07-07 23:28

{{4 hours ago, trackboy said:

What were the bladder holds like?? did you both hold it to where you leaked or fully wet yourselfs?? both you and Daniel had lot of desperation stories walking around or just Daniel?? was you in the military?????

}}

Well, it usally varies depending on what he wanted to do. It's funny becuase at Daniel's I never fully wet my pants (his small bladder is fun to torture) Daniel knows what Omo is, but dosent know this Website.. yet. We were both Millitary Dependents, and he left sfter 3 years of being her, and I never saw him again and they moved to South Korea.

