Stuck in the Office

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-01-17 11:30

I had some fun on Thursday afternoon with a friend and I thought I would share the experience with you guys and girls….

Just over a year ago, back in December 2014, I started visiting a chat room based around the BDSM fetish and most of the people that visit there are into the dom/sub dynamic. As a lot of you know I am a switch which means I am both dominant and submissive. I am a sub to my husband and I am a dom to my girlfriend Alice. I started going to the chat room everyday and became one of the regulars. Around February a girl joined the chat room and after talking in the main room about her interests we started to message each other. She was a submissive and was interested in orgasm control. After talking to her and telling her about my interests she found out I was a switch and asked if I could help her as she had trouble with orgasm denial when doing it herself and needed someone’s guidance.

After a few weeks of guiding her she really liked my approach and I kind of became her full time dom. She would talk to me whilst she was at work in her office and then when she came home we would talk in the evenings. One thing I noticed was her tendency to end up desperate to pee whilst at work and I just put it down to her job and only going when she had a break. However a couple of months after she became my sub she asked if she could ask me a personal question. I told her she could and she said that on my tumblr there were some omorashi related posts and asked what my interest in the fetish was. I told her all the things I loved about omorashi and she said that she liked it too and I then realised why she was desperate so often. She asked how I felt about bladder control and when she found out I both enjoyed being forced to hold and enforcing someone to hold she asked if I wanted to control her bladder as well as her orgasms and I gladly agreed, and have been doing ever since.

Which leads us to Thursday afternoon. She works in a small office which deals with the marketing for the company she works for. It had been a normal morning. We chatted whilst she was in her office working and I was giving her tasks to tease herself. Around 12 o’clock she went to get some dinner and she was only gone half and hour. She ate her lunch at her desk and then went back to working. About half 1 she told me she had a meeting at 2 o’clock and wasn’t sure how long she would be. I said that was fine and we continued chatting.

Just before 2 o’clock she asked me if she could go and pee before her meeting as she was feeling a little desperate. I said she could as I don’t control her bladder whilst she is at work. I let her decide when she goes to pee as I don’t want to cause her to have an accident at work, i only do that when she is at home. Usually I let her decide how long she holds by giving her rewards to do with her orgasm denial the longer she holds and she usually really wants the rewards so holds until the last moment before she bursts. She went off to pee and I myself was getting desperate as I hadn’t been since I woke up that morning but I had no limitations. She came back from the bathroom and said goodbye and went off to her meeting.

I went and made myself some lunch and a drink and 20 minutes later the drink had made my desperation worse and I was sat squirming. Rather than just holding I decided to challenge myself and decided I would hold on until she came back from her meeting. I had no idea how long that would be and the unknowing seemed to make my desperation even worse. By 3 o’clock I was absolutely busting for a wee and sat at my desk wiggling and squirming. I was doing some paperwork but it was getting harder to concentrate as my bladder got more and more full.

15 minutes later I was sat on the edge of my chair rocking back and forth desperately trying not to wet my knickers. My bladder was completely full and pushing down hard on my pee hole and I could feel the pee right at the tip wanting to escape. I was begging her to hurry up, waiting for the skype tab to flash orange with a new message. Drops started to dampen my knickers and I had to jam my hand up my skirt against my pussy to stop them turning into leaks.

That didn’t last for long and I started leaking. After a few minutes I had lost a few leaks and my knickers were pretty wet. Then I saw what I was waiting for, a new message from skype popped up. I opened it up and she said she was back. I sent a message back saying “oh thank god, I’m bursting for a pee, I have been waiting for you to get back, I need to dash to the loo or i'm gonna wet myself right here”.

She messaged back with “mmmm thats hot”. I dashed off to the bathroom and pulled up my skirt. I sat down and my bladder burst through my knickers. It felt so nice to let go and empty my bladder and it was so nice and warm against my pussy. It went on and on and I just sat there sighing as my bladder deflated. Eventually the stream died down and I sat there enjoying the orgasmic feelings of relief. I stood up and went back to my desk. The feeling of my wet knickers rubbing against me felt amazing.

I messaged her to tell her I was back and the following conversation happened -

Me: I’m back.

Her: did you enjoy that?

Me: oh god yes, felt so nice, if you had been any longer I would have wet myself.

Her: hehe, like I’m almost doing right now.

Me: what?? what are you almost doing right now?

Her: I’m almost wetting myself, whilst in the meeting the coffee from dinner and the free water in the meeting filled my bladder and for the last half hour of the meeting I was absolutely bursting for a wee”.

Me: mmmmmm, thats such a nice thought, I love when people are desperate and stuck in meetings. Why didn’t you go when you came out?.

Her: I wanted to come back and ask you permission cos I knew how much you would like my situation.

Me: I do love it, the thought of you almost wetting yourself is such a turn on, you can go babe.

Her: Well, thats the thing, I am now in another situation.

Me: Oh, what’s that?

Her: I came back to my desk to ask you permission but you dashed off to pee and I was waiting for you to come back and I underestimated time and now I am on a conference call and can’t leave my desk.

Me: oh god, how are you doing babe?.

Her: Sat here squirming on the verge of wetting myself, I have to pee so so bad, I am in serious danger of wetting my knickers before this call finishes.

The thought of her sitting at her desk so desperate to pee but unable to leave was turning me on like crazy. She had these conference calls a lot, some lasted 20 minutes, some went on for over an hour and knowing she was already almost wetting herself was driving me crazy. As time passed she kept sending me messages telling me how bad she needed to go and each message sent tingles of arousal to my pussy. After 15 minutes she had started dripping and leaking into her knickers and she was begging for the call to end so she could go and have a much needed pee. a couple more minutes passed and she started spurting into her knickers. She was slowly losing control and soaking her knickers and I was soaking my knickers as well.

Another few minutes of intense holding on her part passed and a message came through that said the call had ended. I assumed she had dashed off to the loo then suddenly a message popped up that said “oh god babe I can’t move, if I stand up I am going to explode”. I asked her what she was going to do and she sat there for a few minutes and said “well this isn’t the first time I’ve done this”. I asked her what she was doing and she said “I am going to have to pee into the bin, If I don’t I am going to completely soak my knickers”. I picked up on the fact she said it wasn’t the first time and she said “there have been times when I have been having some holding fun and waited a little too long and had to squat and pee in my bin”.

I giggled and she said “I just hope no one comes in”.She told me she had pulled her trousers down and was stood dancing in desperation and asked if she could pee. I was too turned on to waste the opportunity. I told her how turned I was and told her to squat over her bin and see how long she could hold it. She told me she was squatted over and she was spurting uncontrollably. I told her she had to keep holding until I had cum. I started rubbing my pussy and she started sending me messages which were designed to make me cum. It didn’t take long for those messages to work their magic and I exploded with orgasmic bliss. When I told her I was cumming she wrote a long “AAAAAHHHHH” and I knew she was peeing.

After a couple of minutes she sent a sigh of relief and then we discussed her problem of how she was going to get rid of her bin full of pee. She hid it under her desk and waited until everyone else in the office had gone and then took it over to the bathroom to empty it and wash it out. It was such a hot experience and that evening when she got home she told me stories about the other times she had had to take desperate measures and use her bin and it was such a fun evening. She has also told me a story about another time she was desperate at work and she enjoyed the moment and asked if I could write her a story about it as she isn’t so good at writing so she has sent me the general bullet points and asked if I could turn it into a story that she can keep to remind her of the moment so once I have written it if It is good I might share it here.

