Cyberpunk 2077 challenges

Author: Gamerman

*000*2021-08-16 01:11

This is one of the games I love to make holding/wetting challenges on. I have always loved coming up with fun things to do to make myself pee and hold it in gaming and i am sure i will post different ones with other games at some point.

Ok, so this was just recent when. i decided to redownload Cyberpunk 2077 on my PS5, and have a night to just hang out, drink some water and soda and have fun. I put on some new grey joggers/sweats i had bought from walmart specifically to wet in (which are extremely soft and comfortable by the way) and some dark blue briefs. I sit on my sofa and start up the game chugging a water and shortly before that had finished a Pibb Xtra. So i could feel a slight pressure in my bladder but nothing too bad or crazy. About a 3/10 realistically. I start playing doing a few side missions and downing another bottle of water within about 10 minutes or so. I get up and grab a soda now to sip on while i let the liquids i just drank settle into my bladder and wait.

As im playing and waiting im scrolling through this site reading up on other stories and new posts as i start to feel the need to pee increase more and more. I go back to my game and within about 25 minutes i feel how full i am and the pressure start to become very noticeable. At this point i am at a 7.5/10 so i start my challenges. I go to my car and drive to the santo domingo area. Which is like a big suburban area of Night City. I drive there and get out of my car starting my challenge. 

I have to find a place i can go into with a bathroom and when i find one, i have to go into a stall and only then can i let out a spurt, but after i have to hold it again and find another bathroom i have not been into yet to be able to pee a little more. I start running around getting more desperate, looking for houses i can go into, different outposts and open places that hopefully have a bathroom, while killing an enemy that engages as well different times of this playthrough. Im now holding myself ever couple minutes trying to hold it in, and i finally find a bar that i can go into.

I walk in and see the bathrooms to the left. I run in and open up a stall inside a small and really gloomy and dirty bathroom. I step into the stall and relax letting out some pee into my briefs. After about half a second i stop and hold it again feeling my body wanting to let more out and let go but i had to fight back the urge. I walk out of the bar and get into my car driving towards westbrook which is an area right above santo domingo. I try to make the challenge a bit harder by driving the speed limit and obeying the traffic laws.

I could feel a semi small wet patch around my crotch area and when i would hold myself i could feel it damp. I finally make it to my destination and get out of my car and right away start looking for a place with a Bathroom. Im looking around for buildings that are open and the ones that are dont seem to have any bathrooms! I was beginning to wonder if the NPCs in Cyberpunk also had an omorashi kink i didnt know about. So i come out of this clothing store i just searched and fell back to plan B. I had a back up plan incase I couldn’t find any bathrooms and that was to find a secluded area where no NPCs could see me. I would treat it like i was actually out in public. I ran around a bit and found a dark alley.

I walked down the alley and stepped into the small corner area that didnt have any lights and was not visible to anyone. I made sure i was not seen and stepped back, stood there and then relaxed my bladder feeling a big leak come out into my briefs. I felt the warmth and wetness start spreading more and it felt amazing. Then i stopped again and held it. It was so hard to not let go and keep going by this point. I stand up because i am moving around so much and holding myself desperately, as i am running around in game trying to find another spot. It is night time at this point in the game and i cant hold it much longer so i needed to find another place to pee. I usually am able to find more places but after all the drinks i drank so fast it hit me harder than normal.

I keep running around trying to find another secluded area when i feel my bladder muscles getting super weak and a small leak comes out involuntarily. I press my legs together and hold myself to stop. I get my composure and continue looking. I still can feel spurts of pee coming out every 10 seconds or so and stopping. By this point i felt a drop run down my leg and hit the floor, so im sprinting and finally find this dark area behind these dumpsters, as i look around trying to make sure no game NPCs are near i feel more spurts start to leak out but this time a slow stream of pee, spreading around my crotch and down my legs so i step back.

And let go. I can hear the pee rush out and pour into my briefs and joggers. It starts running all down my thighs and making a huge puddle on the floor around me. Thankfully i had gotten some towels i use for these occasions near me. I set it down so it doesn’t spread under my sofa. I completely pee myself for about a minute and a half full force. I felt so relieved it was amazing but i knew i would have to pee again in about 5 minutes so i stood there in my wet clothes still playing my game normally and peed myself a couple more times ever few minutes getting the last of what was in my bladder out until i knew i was fully done. My bladder muscles still felt tired so i gave it a few days before holding again. And plan to do this again soon.

Hope you guys enjoyed my story, i will provide post another soon with more challenges while playing the walking dead on my vr which was more intense.

