St Patrick's Day Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-03-20 15:48

On Thursday it was St Patrick’s day and every year Matty’s uncle Kevin throws a party at his house to celebrate as they have Irish heritage in their family and they like to stay true to that. He told us we could come up anytime after 6. My sister was working the evening shift in our pub and we told her that if it got busy and she needed help to ring us and we would come down. She said she would but thought it would be fine and said she would come to the party after they closed up. At 6 o’clock we set off to his house and called at the supermarket on the way to pick up some alcohol and snacks so we didn’t turn up empty handed. When we got there there were already a few people there and I settled in and caught up with some of Matty’s family.

I enjoy house parties as it allows me to couple the amount i'm drinking and the joy of holding and I decided that I would hold as long as I could each time before going to the bathroom. This would be fun to see how long I could wait each time as my bladder got steadily weaker from the alcohol and mass liquid intake. The first time I went was uneventful. I waited until my bladder was really full and I was almost losing control and then went to the bathroom. The second time I went there was somebody in the the bathroom and I had to wait outside pee dancing and desperately trying to keep my knickers dry. When the bathroom came free I dashed in and enjoyed the sweet relief of emptying my bursting bladder. It was the third time that I went that was quite eventful.

I was sat in the kitchen enjoying the group conversation and also enjoying the fullness of my bladder that had refilled pretty quickly. My desperation continued to grow until I was almost wetting myself all over the chair and I waited for a break in the conversation before leaving and heading upstairs to the bathroom. Just before I got up a guy had left the table and when I got upstairs he was waiting outside the bathroom. I leant against the wall and did a subtle pee dance as my bladder pushed on my pee hole. The guy also seemed to be shifting around and I enjoyed wondering how badly he needed to pee and wondered if it was as bad as I had to go. 

I heard the front door open and I peered down the stairs being nosey. Matty’s older cousin Peter came through the door and there was a cheer downstairs as people gave their over the top welcome. His wife Melissa came in after him and closed the door behind her. As I was looking down the door opened behind me and the bathroom came free. The guy waiting looked at me and I gestured that he could go first. He went in and as the door closed my attention turned back downstairs. The guy that just came out of the bathroom walked down the stairs and greeted Melissa who was stood taking her coat off.

I noticed she was jiggling and looking flustered and I found out why when she took her coat off and walked into the living room. I heard people talking to her and Uncle Kev told her where the drinks and food were and she said “I will have to nip to the loo before I do anything else, I’m busting for a pee”. Kevin laughed and said “you know where it is”. She appeared at the bottom of the stairs and as she was climbing up she noticed me looking down at her. She smiled and said “hey Gem, you okay darling”. I nodded and said I was and asked how she was. Before she answered she looked shocked and said “oh god is there a queue”. I said there was just me and she replied “oh thank god, I’m dying for a pee”. 

She reached the top and immediately broke out into a pee dance. I commented on her attire. She was wearing tight black leggings that were covered in shamrocks and a green t-shirt with a big picture of a leprechaun on it and to top it off she had shamrock deely boppers on her head. She told me they had been to a pub in the next town over that had an irish band on. She told me about the band and then finished her story with telling me about getting a taxi to come over here and not wanting to fight her way through the pub to the bathroom and that’s why she was now desperate for a pee. She almost floored me when she said “I was glad when we got here, I thought I was going to pee myself in the taxi”.

Watching her dance and squirm in desperation was so sexy and all I could think about was her almost wetting herself in the taxi on the way here.We both stood there pee dancing as we waited for the bathroom to become free and casually chatted away. After a couple of minutes the toilet flushed and the door opened. I asked if she wanted to go before me and she shook her head “no you’re alright sweetheart you go, you were waiting before me”. As I walked in she added “be quick though babe I’m almost peeing myself. Before I could respond she suddenly said “do you mind if I come in with you”. I shook my head and said it was fine and we walked into the bathroom.

I walked quickly over to the toilet and pulled my jeans down and immediately released a powerful stream of pee. I moaned in relief as the pressure lifted off my pee hole and my bladder started emptying. I looked up and my eyes widened when I looked at her. She was stood next to the bath dancing and squirming and my eyes were glued to her gorgeous butt wiggling in desperation. She looked at me and said “don’t tell on me” and giggled. I wondered what she meant then suddenly she pulled her leggings down revealing sexy green shamrock knickers. I admired them for a second before she yanked them down and sat on the edge of the bath. Seconds later I heard a hissing sound which followed a loud sigh from her.

Watching her pee and obviously enjoy it so greatly was such a turn on and after I finished I stood up and walked over to the sink. II looked to my side and saw a strong stream gushing into the bath and trickling down to the plughole. I could not take my eyes off the stream and was so aroused knowing all that liquid was in her bladder moments ago, no wonder she was bursting. Eventually the stream died down and she let out a happy sigh. She asked if I could pass her some toilet roll and after she wiped herself dry she pulled her knickers and leggings back up and straightened her shirt out.

She looked at me and said “sorry about that, as soon as I said you could go first I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer and I really didn’t want to make a puddle all over Kev’s carpet. I laughed and told her it was fine and to change the subject I complimented her commitment by having shamrocks on her knickers. She giggled and thanked me and then grabbed the shower head and sprayed it around the bath to wash her pee away. After she finished we headed out and her husband was waiting outside to go and pee and made a comment about women going to the bathroom together and we joked that he would never know the secret of why.

I spent the rest of the evening enjoying conversation and having a good time and by the time we decided to leave my bladder was really full but I decided against using the bathroom to enjoy holding it. We went outside and got in the car and as soon as we set off I realised I was more desperate than I thought. I sat in my seat wiggling and holding my pussy as my desperation increased greatly. By the time we were halfway home I was close to dripping and I was urging Matty to hurry up and drive faster. As we drove through the town centre all I could think about was this is how Melissa must have felt earlier in the taxi. 

As we climbed the hill to our village I was dripping uncontrollably in my knickers as my tired bladder started failing. By the time we got to our house and were pulling the driveway I was frantically trying to keep control for just a little longer so I didn’t flood the car. We pulled up and parked and immediately jumped out of the car and the moment I stood up I burst and within seconds my jeans were completely soaked, no dry patches were left on them. I just stood there enjoying the sweet relief and the wonderful warmth down my legs and eventually my bladder completely emptied. When I looked up Matty was stood smiling at me with lust in his eyes. Needless we certainly had a very nice time once we got inside.

*002*2016-03-20 16:23

I love it too, I love it when they choose to do it like people who love this fetish do but I love it more when they do it out of desperation.

*004*2016-03-22 23:57

{{ 

I loved every bit of this story. Well done Mellissa on waiting so long and peeing so much. You did well as well Gemmy and enjoyed yourself I'm sure despite not quite getting home dry :-)

}}

Oh enjoyed very very much

*006*2016-03-23 00:03

{{ 

If can't imagine how glorious that sound must have been as you gushed into the toilet bowl and she hissed into the bath. Amazing :-)

}}

It was wonderful, poetry in motion, nothing like the sweet melody of relieving bladders

