When he made me pee in his mouth, and wet my overalls on him (reposted)

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2022-07-30 08:00

Posted these a while ago, but took them down. Want them back up now. I'll spare the details, but: the person I wrote these stories about is someone I don't trust anymore. I want the stories here anyway, because I had fun at the time, and because I like having something tangible to hang onto.

(If this is you... you know who you are. I don't mind you being here, and you have these same memories anyway. I loved doing this and writing about it, so go ahead and look, it's about you after all.)

...

I was at my new daddy's house the other day (I'm his sub, I've never done it before ), we were hanging out and watching a movie. He gave me beer, so I'd had two cans of that, along with some water. After a while I obviously started needing to pee. We were sitting on his bed, and he'd already taken my clothes off, we were only half paying attention to the movie lol. I let him touch me and play with me for maybe 20 minutes or so, but eventually I was getting desperately full and had to say something. I told him I really had to pee, but he didn't move.

He told me I had to wait, that I couldn't go here, and then made me spread my legs for him so my pussy was exposed. I obeyed, blushing as I struggled not to bounce around or grab my crotch. He made me stay like that as I got more and more frantic, occasionally begging to go. It felt like I was about to leak. Finally he decided it was long enough and grabbed my hand.

He led me to the shower as I squirmed and pressed my legs together. Once we got there he slowly turned on the water and watched me desperately dance around on the tile floor, holding myself a little. I had to go so bad. He laid down in the shower and made me straddle his face, my bare pussy up against his lips, then he started to lick me. I gasped and moaned. I was so wet, and completely bursting, it felt amazing.

After a couple more seconds, I couldn't hold it anymore. A few drops leaked out, and then suddenly I was peeing full force. It hissed out into his mouth and all over his face while he kept licking me, rubbing his dick the whole time. The relief was so good, and I kept peeing uncontrollably until I was empty.

Afterward we showered together and went back to his bed to play around more He said my pee tasted really good~

... Part 2 ...

So... I got super desperate & wet myself on top of my daddy~ We've been doing a lot of omo play, but this was my first time wetting in clothes with him, and it was soooo nice.

I was over at his place for the night, and I already knew I wanted to wet in front of him. I'd gotten dressed in black overalls (the kind that end in mini shorts), a striped shirt, burgundy tights, and purple panties. Right before I left my house I also drank a full can of Arizona tea, wanting my bladder to fill up quickly. The plan was definitely working. I'd been drinking since I arrived, I think I'd had a few beers at this point. I was more than tipsy and really had to pee.

At first I tried to hide it, cuz I wanted to stretch the experience out longer. We were on his bed watching tv, and I subtly pressed my thighs together and squirmed when he wasn't looking, trying to put pressure on my crotch. It sort of worked for a bit, but pretty soon it was getting bad. I was very full and struggling to keep still.

Just then, he got up to do something in the other room. I instantly jammed both hands between my legs and held tight, wiggling and bouncing. My need quickly grew, until I was out of bed and marching around in circles, then up and down the hallway, still holding myself. I wanted to wait as long as I could, but after a few minutes a surge of desperation hit me. I froze in place. My eyes teared up from the effort of holding back the flood. For a moment I hung on, but I just couldn't keep it in anymore. A spurt of pee dampened my panties, then another longer stream, trickling from my pussy as I struggled to regain control. I was peeing in my shorts in his hallway. My face flushed hot with embarrassment and arousal, and I managed to stop the flow after a couple more seconds of squirming. There was a warm wet spot between my legs where I'd leaked through my overall shorts, about the size of a baseball.

Knowing I was in danger of having an accident on his floor, I dashed to the bathroom, where he was getting ready to shower. My bladder was begging for relief, and I couldn't stop rubbing my crotch frantically while I shifted from foot to foot. I whimpered and admitted I had to pee really bad (even though it was obvious). He just looked pleased and told me I'd have to keep holding it. My heart fluttered, and even though I whined about the denial, my pussy was throbbing from how much I was loving it.

He made me keep drinking, so I opened another beer and took sips from it while holding myself tight. We talked and hung out in the bathroom for a while. I was dancing around desperately, crossing my legs, complaining about how bad I had to go, and he was clearly enjoying it. I obediently kept drinking, even when I leaked in my panties a couple more times and almost lost control.

Eventually he began to escalate things. He came over and slowly pinned me against the wall, touching me and telling me how hot I looked desperate. I tried to get free so I could keep potty dancing, but he moved his palm to my swollen bladder and pressed firmly, making me yelp. I managed to endure it, but just barely. He caressed between my legs, breathing harder as he felt how wet the fabric was already. I told him I couldn't wait much longer, and he mercifully backed away, letting me continue my frantic dance for the moment. But not for long.

As I was finishing my beer and bouncing around, he told me to spread my legs and stand still. I protested that I was about to pee myself, but I wanted to be good, so I obeyed. It was agonizing. My bladder felt full and heavy, the pressure all pushing down as I squeezed my muscles tight, trying with all my might to hold on. I needed to go so, so badly. I wasn't going to last through much more of this.

After I'd made it through a brutal ten seconds, he told me I could stop. My thighs slammed together and my hands shot back to my crotch, narrowly avoiding a major leak. Between the alcohol and the desperation I couldn't think straight anymore. All I could do was keep moving, doing a full-on frantic potty dance, whimpering and begging him to let me go. It was about to come out at any second.

Seeing how bad it was getting, he finally laid down in the shower naked and told me to come over. I quickly got down on my knees and straddled him, barely hanging on. I was shaking and squirming, trying extremely hard to keep it in, but after a few seconds I'd reached my limit. It was too late. Pee rushed into my panties and through my shorts as my bladder gave in. I moaned with relief as the warm flood cascaded down my thighs, soaking my tights and puddling on his skin. He pressed his fingers against my pussy as the stream kept hissing out, not stopping until I was eventually empty. I was dazed from how good it felt.

A big puddle spread across the shower floor under us. The crotch of my overalls was soaked, and a dark patch covered my tights. He immediately rubbed my pussy through the wet cloth, making me moan again, before unbuttoning my overalls and pulling them down, exposing my panties. The purple fabric was dark and shiny, and he sighed with arousal as he touched it. Then he pulled those down too, examining my still-dripping pussy, toying my clit with his thumb and sending shivers through me. I knew he could feel how slick I was from the excitement.

His dick was also super hard after all that, so we played with each other in the shower (he came in my pussy ). I had to pee again during it, and I let go all over him, naked this time. It felt incredible I finished showering while he took my wet clothes and started the laundry. We played around a few more times after I got out, he made me cum over and over

