First GF's wetting while driving experience

Author: GigiLeMaugh

*000*2020-06-15 10:05

A long time back, my first girlfriend and I were sharing wetting experiences and she told me about her worst one. I changed some details to protect her identity and I embellished upon others to make the experience read more like a story. For the most part, this is all true to her account. Enjoy!

It was a humid, spring evening in May as Ellie walked to her sedan to drive to her college algebra class. She decided to go work out at the area YMCA beforehand, so she brought a fresh, gray t-shirt to change into from her soon-to-be college’s merch store. Her workouts often left her shirts soaked as she perspired heavily from the chest area due to her fairly large breasts. She kept on the same pink, moisture-wicking athletic shorts as she rationalized they wouldn’t absorb much sweat. She put her gym bag, containing her iPod and the jeans she changed out of, in the back seat. She pulled her curly, bleached blonde locks into a ponytail with a scrunchie.

Ellie was a slightly short girl, at five feet and four inches tall, so her car’s cloth, bench seat was moved somewhat forward. As she drove to class, she decided to rehydrate with a copious amount of water in her refillable, pink, floral print bottle. Ellie was a firm believer in the suggested eight glasses of water a day. She would compensate for breaking a sweat during workouts by drinking additional water on top of that suggested quota. Her goal for the car ride was that by the time she arrived at class, she needed to finish the water in her bottle. She looked to turn a new leaf and experience college with a fresh start, and that meant hitting the gym and beauty hydration.

She was a senior in high school and she intended to knock out some general education credits ahead of her college class schedule that would be filled with music courses. Leaving the general education classes behind would be a gift to her. She had just turned 18 and was nearly ready to graduate high school and start adult life. She arrived to class at the auxiliary campus by a nearby Air Force base. “I made pretty good time,” she thought to herself as she walked into class ten minutes early. One of her classmates, Anna, went out of her way to bring an herbal tea to share with the class. It was a mix of hibiscus, chamomile, and peppermint. The tea was a home blend and she decided to be generous and bring two huge containers of it. Seeing as Ellie was trying to be friendly and show her appreciation, she took a pour in a styrofoam cup. She sipped the brew, pondered her thoughts on it, and decided it was quite the pleasing herbal blend. “Do you mind if I go for seconds, Anna?”

“That’s what it’s here for, I’d hate to have to lug it all back into my car still filled with tea,” Anna said with a welcoming grin, “go right ahead.” Ellie went back for a large pour, now into her steel water bottle. She drank the full quantity of steaming, hot tea throughout the first half of class.

During the break, she decided to work on some of the assigned homework, thinking she would get up and walk around towards the end of the twenty minute allotment. However, she got consumed with finishing the homework and didn’t pay attention to the clock. She had intended to compliment Anna on the excellent tea and stop by the ladies room. Thankfully, Anna stopped by Ellie’s seat to ask her how she was liking her creation. “Are you enjoying the tea”

“Yeah, it’s really tasty,” Ellie replied. “I’m glad to hear it,” Anna mused, adding with an air of caution, “be careful though, it’s relaxing, but the peppermint can sneak up on you, I’d slow down if I were you.”

“I’m sure I’ll be fine,” Ellie reassured. She proceeded to fill up her bottle once more. She would make a trip to the bathroom after class if she needed it.

After the class was dismissed, Ellie was surprised she didn’t require the restroom as much as she guessed she would. Feeling confident about the time she made getting to class, she elected to just head out. She got one last refill of the tea, still steaming hot, and took it for the ride home. As she began her drive, Ellie turned on some music. She made a point to enjoy commutes as much as possible since she doesn’t get much time away from people. As an introvert, car rides alone were sacred to her. Over the course of ten minutes, she consumed the last helping of tea. She arrived at the main highway that would take her back west towards home. She noticed a slight tinge in her abdomen. She dismissed it and continued focusing on the music. She tried to concentrate on the song as it was a solo she’d be playing at the end of the school year for a recital.

As she waited patiently at the stop lights on the bridge, the discomfort returned, this time stronger and more insistent. She shivered and lost her place in the song and had to rewind. At this point, Ellie became annoyed. She went from feeling relaxed and stress-free not but ten minutes prior, to having a constant reminder of her bladder’s condition. “What’s going on,” she wondered, “there was no caffeine in the tea, and I didn’t have to go before I left.” Suddenly, she remembered what Anna told her about the tea. Ellie was unaware of the effects of peppermint oil on the bladder up until that evening. She deduced that her workout hydration wasn’t felt until later because she relaxed her nerves with the herbal tea. “It’s not like it’s alcohol, it’s just a bunch of herbs,” she thought, frustrated, “then why did it hit me so hard?” She figured that the relaxing herbs combined with the fatigue from working out and then sitting in class decreased her awareness of her bladder.

Now on the highway, Ellie could feel her bladder filling up rapidly. She debated pulling off the road to a gas station or fast food joint to use the restroom, but convinced herself that might be more troublesome if the restroom was occupied or unavailable. She recalled a time as a child of ten years old, needing to pee after playing all day in the snow, when she made it inside to the bathroom, however her cold, numbed fingers couldn’t get her pants unbuttoned. Her bladder muscles started to preemptively relax upon entering the bathroom, and she had a very embarrassing, very wet accident. She knew if the promise of a bathroom wasn’t fulfilled, it could spell disaster. As she anxiously drove onward, Ellie ruminated on the last time she peed her pants. “I was just a kid back then, my muscles down there are stronger now, surely I can make it home in time. It won’t happen again.”

The trip back to the west side normally only took Ellie half an hour to 45 minutes, but it seemed to stretch on for an eternity. She turned off the music because it was requiring too much of her concentration. She opted instead to count the streetlights on the side of the road to take her mind off of the uncomfortable sensation. Ellie hoped this would allow her to focus on driving and holding her urine whilst passively drowning out the pain. She pressed her legs together, knees rubbing against each other. 

She began to sweat from the strain on her pelvic floor. “Two workouts in one day? Lucky me,” she joked to herself. Several minutes later, a bump in the road shocked her and she thrust her right hand into her crotch. She grasped tightly at her labia, using her index finger to cover her urethral opening for fear that she might lose control. Ellie clenched with everything she had and prevented herself from having an accident. Against ever increasing odds, she managed to regain her composure.

She was about halfway home, driving past the central business district, when she started squirming uncontrollably. Her smooth thighs rubbed together, and her right hand took turns scratching the back of her lower leg and tightly gripping the seat of her pink gym shorts. Her respiration became palpably nervous with shallow, quick breaths. Occasionally, she would breathe in too deep in an effort to calm herself, but her diaphragm would put too much pressure on her bursting bladder. Ellie was keenly aware that her breathing would need to be light and steady if she wanted to make it home to use the bathroom. Her whole body started to tremble and her shoulders hunched forward, squishing her supple breasts together. Her face became flushed lightly red from the exertion to control her bladder.

Ellie’s mind was awash with frantic, disorganized thoughts. She started strongly considering pulling off onto a dark side-street, squatting behind her car and relieving herself. She imagined the irresistible feeling of pulling down her shorts and green-and-white striped panties and answering nature’s call. As long as nobody witnessed the peeing, she’d be fine. There was no chance of a ditch being “out of order” or a dead-end in an incomplete housing development being “occupied.” Her shoulders started to relax, moving to the seat-back. Even though her eyes were on the road, she began to space out while intermittently daydreaming of releasing her urine. Luckily, she snapped back into focus in time to take her exit, but the abrupt maneuver jolted her and the brief relaxation was halted. If not for the little remaining strength of her fatigued pelvic floor giving it all that it could, her pants might have been soaked. Her legs were now crossed left over right.

Ellie considered the public urination option, but couldn’t come up with an idea of a street with scant enough traffic to make it feasible. At the end of the exit ramp was a stoplight. The left turn lane under the bridge would get her on the road to her house, however there was another stoplight awaiting her at the other side of the underpass. On the right side of the exit ramp was a gas station and convenience store. Putting her feelings about the risk of public restrooms aside, she was now considering gambling on its availability. It was a difficult choice, she would be cutting it close either way. She had to make a decision as she was rapidly approaching the stoplight. She steered her car left, moving her right leg into braking position, and prepared for the wait.

Her braking wasn’t exactly feathered as she came to a stop at the light, but she would have been taking the left turn on yellow much too fast for her bladder to handle if she hadn’t stopped. Regardless, she could feel the pee lurch forward heavily inside of her. Ellie’s pointer finger felt a small trickle of hot pee emerge from betwixt the lips of her vagina, dampening her shorts. She shoved her hand harder into her crotch, pulling firmly at the gusset of her panty briefs through the light, moisture wicking layers of her pink shorts. Fighting the unstoppable urge to pee, she narrowly escaped a full blown accident.

She sat at the red light, impatiently watching the occasional vehicle pass on the perpendicular road at the intersection. Ellie, deeply frustrated, asked herself, “Why on Earth is it taking so long? I am dying to pee over here and there are literally seven cars behind me.” Parked for three minutes, she tried desperately to hold on. She moved her legs restlessly, pressed her fingers into the seam of her running shorts, and practically jammed the gusset of her panties inside her labia. She did everything in her might to prevent the worst from happening. She looked down and attempted to examine the wetness from her leak, but the shadows cast from the streetlights made it nearly impossible to see anything. She could feel that her crotch had a small wet patch, but no pee found its way to the seats.

The light turned green. “Finally,” Ellie sighed. She proceeded to hastily turn left under the bridge only to reach another red light. “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” she exclaimed. “What the fuck? If things keep up this way, I might need to reupholster the seats.” She started feeling sickly and feverish from the chill on her skin and the bloated warmth from her bulging bladder. She was held at the second light for a shorter duration, nevertheless, the inconvenience was making it tough to hold it. Ellie continued on down the road to her neighborhood. She was so close to relief, she could feel it. Her breathing became slightly slower. “Just hold on, Ellie, you’re an adult, you can do this. Your house is only a couple minutes away.” She positioned her legs back parallel to each other. She squished her plump inner thighs back and forth, feeling the sweat and urine make her shorts slightly sticky and the peeling away of her pant legs from her smooth, fair, olive tone skin.

She approached the last half mile of road before the entrance to her neighborhood. It had been under construction with two small lanes of new pavement for about a year, with the east side of the road torn up and sunken in. She slowed down to drive through the roadwork. It was more difficult than ever to navigate between the tiny lanes delineated by construction cones while she was desperately holding her pee. Not thinking straight due to having “pee brain” and having tunnel vision for driving through the construction, Ellie forgot about the strip of unpaved road she would need to drive across to turn in to her development. 

The difference in height between the two portions of road was about eight or nine inches and had to be driven over with caution. In anticipation of getting to use the toilet, she eased her body up a bit. She hung a left over the middle of the road and she suddenly remembered the bump. Right as she was about to drive hazardously fast over the missing pavement, she hit the brakes, slowed the car down to about ten miles an hour, and put both hands firmly on the wheel. The abrupt decrease in speed sent the contents of Ellie’s bladder sloshing violently forward. The car was still going a bit too fast, but no serious damage would come to the car or Ellie. Her psyche and the seats wouldn’t be so lucky.

Some of Ellie’s body had time to brace itself, but her bladder muscles were still pre-relaxed. Driving over the first bump caused a brief gush of pee to jet out through the crotch of her shorts, splashing between her thighs. A powerful hissing sound could be heard temporarily in the cabin of the car. Ellie immediately threw her right hand back between her legs once more, praying it would keep her from wetting herself further. She could feel the warmth all the way up her forearm, the urine was so hot, it was steaming. Her shorts absorbed a small amount of pee, but she could feel the wetness from the middle of her labia to the bottom of her butt cheeks. Ellie kept her eyes on the road to handle the next bump on the shoulder side. She barely stopped the pee from pouring out and could feel a massive amount of pressure on her urethra. It felt like she was kinking a hose as she clenched her muscles.

The next bump felt larger and led to a small crest. Ellie took this one slower, but her car’s suspension never made for a smooth ride, and it jostled her, shaking left and right, sending her legs out of their tightly pressed, parallel position. She felt another wave of desperation. Pee temporarily sluiced through her pink, moisture wicking shorts that were now taking on more of a maroon hue at the inner seam. Ellie attempted to regain control while she hastened her progress towards her house. She accelerated somewhat fast up the slight hill and experienced a small amount of negative g-force. Although this normally wouldn’t have affected her much, her bladder was fatigued and weak from all the holding making it vulnerable to an accident. The urine inside her bladder lifted upwards momentarily and upon returning to the bottom it startled her body and it was too much. Her pelvic floor relaxed and her detrusor muscle began to contract.

Against her will, she began voiding her bladder. A shiver shot up her spine as she began to lose control. Ellie gasped in shock. She couldn’t believe it. Thoughts raced through her head, “Am I really—? No... am I actually wetting myself? There’s no way. I am not peeing my pants,” she then acknowledged the warm, wet, sensation emanating from between her legs. “Yep, I am definitely peeing my pants. Great. You’ve got to be kidding me” The feeling of unwilling urinary release made her understandably upset and small tears began to well up in her eyes. “Oh, fuck ... oh fuck, fuck, fuck,” she muttered breathily in panic. 

She pulled her piss-covered hand from between her legs, “ew, yuck!” she remarked. Drops of pee were flung as she retracted her hand toward her shoulder. Streams ran down her fingers and the drips fell onto her breasts. She noticed the pee didn’t smell foul, but rather slightly floral, perhaps from the herbal tea. Her face turned hot, her cheeks blushed red, her lips quivered, and she became light-headed. Everything seemed to move in slow motion, and in turn Ellie started driving slower, stunned by the act of involuntary urination she was experiencing. “I ... . I’m . . peeing ... my pants.” she admitted, disappointed with herself.

Ellie lost all control of her bladder. She was hopelessly wetting her pants. The urine coursed out from her labia uncontrollably. Her clitoris could feel the currents of pee spraying out of her urethra as it filled up the gusset of her panties, encasing her genitals in a warm pool of urine. Torrents of piss made their way along her legs in an unpredictable fashion. Her powerful stream of pee produced a constant, muffled hiss, like a tarp being sprayed with a hose. Ellie grimaced as she heard the sound, knowing how much of a mess she was making.

“Uuunnnhhh” she groaned. The crotch of her shorts was swelling up like a balloon from the gushing pee, showering out a torrential downpour of droplets from the breathable micro holes. She pressed her legs together again in a futile attempt to mitigate the damage. This sent the trapped pee squirting up her underwear towards her waist causing a few trickles to come out the top of her shorts. A babbling, triangular brook of piss collected between her thighs and crotch forming a stream that flowed towards her knees. Steam rose from the rapidly filling reservoir in her lap. She noticed a dribbling sound and realized the stream was falling from between her knees onto the floor mat. She responded by spreading her legs slightly apart, causing the reservoir of urine to splatter to the floor all at once. 

“Oh, shit, I ... oh, fuck me ... dammit,” she cursed to herself flustered. A streetlight nearby illuminated her lap, making visible the glistening bulge resulting from a flow of crystal clear pee, about an inch wide, pouring out the fabric over her labia. The wet spot was rising up the front of her pants towards her waistband. She noticed her accident was turning her athletic shorts a darker shade of pink. Droplets of pee were dripping through the tiny breathable holes in the fabric where the wetness underneath was spreading from erratic rivulets running along her legs. Her cloth bench seats were getting drenched as the hot piss climbed up her ass cheeks, soaking the seat of her pants.

As Ellie approached the bend in the street, she noticed a lull in the flow of pee. The urine started coming out more gently. A puddle had formed between her legs that was now being absorbed by the cloth seats. “Maybe it’s almost over,” she thought, consoling herself. Ellie couldn’t feel the internal pressure conditions of her bladder any longer. She had gone numb from the prolonged holding. Suddenly, a spasm hit her bladder. Unbeknownst to her, she started emptying the remainder of her urine. 

She peed without knowing for several seconds, but the feeling of liquid warmth clued her in to part two of her episode of diurnal enuresis. The seats had become completely saturated. She recognized the feeling of pee rushing past her genitalia, and dreaded the results. It felt like a flood. She started going and it was like a waterfall down the seats to the floor. Ellie listened to the spray of pee against her panties and the subsequent splattering of it on the floor and let out a discontent sigh. “I’m still going? How old am I again? Wow, I’m 18 and I still pee my pants. Adulthood is getting off to a great start. There’s so much pee. I can’t believe it’s still coming out.”

Once again trying her luck at damage control, she spread her legs further apart to stem the flow of urine from the narrower area between her legs to a wider area, hoping it would get less on the floor. Any movement of her legs caused the wet fabric to make a squishy sound. She glanced downwards to witness the affect only to find a much larger puddle creeping up slowly to the edge of the seat. She managed to delay the inevitable for a few seconds before the pooling urine became a cascade, crashing down onto the floor mat. Another puddle formed on the floor, splashing her feet. Pee ran down the back of her calves into her tennis shoes, soaking her socks. At this point, urine permeated nearly every surface of her shorts. The pink, gym shorts were sodden all the way up the back. There was pee between her butt cheeks squishing around as she moved. A wispy cloud of steam floated around her drenched clothing.

Ellie knew the situation was hopeless, so she decided to give up and finish peeing without a struggle. As she pulled up to her driveway, her breathing slowed down and she began to relax. There wasn’t much left to let out, but her body appreciated the relief. Her head tilted back slightly, her mouth agape, and her eyes fluttered close. After the initial surge of relaxation, the pee slowed down again, the hissing subsided, and turned into a peaceful trickle into the pool between her legs. She passed the last wave of urine through her panties with a long, drawn-out sigh. After only a couple of minutes from turning into her neighborhood, she no longer required the bathroom. “At least I don’t have to go anymore,” she thought. The contents of her bladder were emptied out in their entirety within her pants and all over her car. Her pussy was now submerged in a lake of piss.

Ellie turned on her car’s cabin light to assess the situation. She was mortified to see how bad she wet herself. It was difficult for her to keep her eyes on the doused seats and shorts, glancing away from the accident in shame and looking back towards it out of necessity. She didn’t want to accept that she had made such a mess. After a few moments, she fought through her feelings enough to survey the damage. A massive puddle was spanning nearly the entire floor mat. The pool of piss between her legs was draining into the seat. The urine began to cool down. Her shorts were sopping wet with pee with the exception of two, minuscule dry spots between her hips and outer thighs. She pulled at the fabric of her pee-saturated shorts with two fingers. They were noticeably heavier from all the wetness and were clinging to her skin, becoming form-fitting. “Well they can’t wick that much moisture, can they?” she remarked to herself. She started developing a plan to remedy the situation.

By now, it was 10:45 and everyone was home already. Her mother was likely watching TV in the master bedroom, her father was probably in the office, and her brother was asleep in his bedroom downstairs. The pair of jeans she changed out of before her workout were in the gym bag in the back seat. If she was quick, Ellie could get through the front door to the stairs leading down to the laundry room without being seen. She could close herself in the laundry room and change out of her soiled clothing and into the jeans she was wearing earlier that day, then go back to her car to soak up the pee and start cleaning. She would proceed to grab some sweats and a clean tee, shower, then put her pee splashed gray t-shirt and jeans in the wash with her shorts and socks. She gathered her thoughts and prepared to go inside.

Ellie opened her car door and carefully stretched out her left leg. Dribbles of tepid urine fell from her pant leg. She positioned her right leg parallel to her left and stood up from the seat. Piss splattered the concrete beneath her feet. The pee that collected on her ass was falling in streams from the seat of her shorts. Reflexively, she tried to stop the splatter by grabbing her hindquarters. Her palms met her ass with a soft slap and her shorts made an audible squishing sound. She looked around, embarrassed, to see if anyone witnessed her disgraceful exit. 

Her sodden shorts clung to her smooth butt cheeks. Her hands, once again wet with piss, pinched at the fabric to pull it away from her cameltoe and her shapely bottom causing more droplets to fall to the ground. She wiped her hands on the sides of her shirt and grabbed the gym bag out of the back, closed her car doors, and walked towards her house. As she walked, her ass jiggled, sending drops of piss down her thighs. The cool streams of urine made her shiver as the breeze hit her smooth, trembling legs.

As she was almost to the door, she felt one last pang of desperation. Upon emptying it the first time, Ellie’s bladder promptly started filling back up, vulnerable and sensitive from the fatigue of the drive over. “Oh well, I’m already soaked” she thought to herself, as she walked off the cement path onto the lawn. Defeated, she exhaled slowly and relaxed her bladder muscles once more, letting the urine flow. Warm rivers of pee ran down the back of her legs causing them to briefly stop shaking from the cold. Her socks squashed around in her piss-filled shoes. Ellie set her gym bag on the front steps and rung out as much pee from her shorts as she could while they were still on her. She slipped off her tennis shoes and pulled off her damp socks. She squeezed the urine out of her socks. Patting her hands dry on her shirt, she opened the front door.

Ellie entered the house and her suspicions were proved correct. Nobody was in the living room. She snuck down the stairs to the laundry room. As she closed the door she was startled to hear her mother call to her from upstairs. "Is that you, Ellie?" Quickly concealing her lower half behind the door, she peered out the door and responded. "Yeah, mom, it's me," Ellie hollered. Her mother asked, "how was class tonight?"

"It was fine, though I have a lot of homework to do." Ellie was growing impatient and began to worry she might draw the attention of the rest of the house. "I'll find you when I'm about to go to bed and talk to you then, mom," shouted Ellie. Her mother yelled back to her, "sounds good, hon." She completely closed the door to the laundry room and began to load the washer. She tossed in her damp socks and set down her gym bag. From her gym bag she produced her sweat-stained sports bra and added it to the wash. She pulled off her t-shirt to reveal her cream-colored lace bra. At this point, Ellie noticed that the lace brassoire she changed into after her workout was wet from the urine that fell from her hand. She proceeded to unhook the bra, allowing her ample breasts to pour out as she let it fall to the floor with her t-shirt. Next, she would rid herself of her wet gym shorts.

As she attempted to remove the shorts, Ellie faced some resistance from the clinging fabric. She pulled at the wedgie that had formed between her ass cheeks. The shorts, heavy with urine, suddenly dropped to the tile floor. She stepped out of the sodden shorts one foot at a time, repulsed by the condition of her athletic-wear. She reached down to pick them up and felt a chill on her butt from her pee-soaked panties. The air-conditioner was running full blast in preparation for the household bedtime. Ellie dropped the shorts into the washing machine and wiped up the residual wetness on the flooring with her shirt and bra. She looked down to examine her panties.

Through the green stripes, the white fabric left little to the imagination. Her neatly managed pubic hair was clumped in lines in a neat v-shape and her pussy lips were clearly showing through the soaked fabric. Her underwear was drenched, save for the two, small, dry spots on her hips. Ellie stripped off her panties. The fabric stuck to her as the panties were tugged off, parting ways with her damp skin and flinging droplets of piss onto the floor. Once again, she used her shirt to wipe up the pee and threw the articles of soiled clothing into the laundry. She dressed herself in her gray university tee and jeans and started the wash cycle.

She ascended the stairs to get to the supply closet to find a way to clean up the urine in her car. As she looked through the closet, her father emerged from the office across the hall. "How's it going?" he asked. Ellie, somewhat surprised, quickly turned to face her father, forgetting entirely that she had no bra on underneath her t-shirt. Her large boobs swung conspicuously. The temperature in the house had also made her nipples erect. Her face flushed red with embarassment at the situation. Her father, puzzled by the state of his daughter asked, "is everything alright?"

"Yeah, I ... uh," Ellie stammered as she invented a convincing lie, "spilled a bunch of tea all over myself while driving back from class." Suspicious of her answer, her father asked, "was it iced tea or did you burn yourself?"

"Oh, it was hot, herbal tea but it was room temperature by the time it happened, so I'm fine. Just have to get the stains out of my car seat," Ellie replied. "Well it's good you're learning how to get stains out of your car seats now. It will come in handy as an adult, especially when you have kids of your own," her father said. "Look at you, maintaining a vehicle, all grown-up like," Ellie's father remarked. Her father's praise made her feel ashamed. "Yep, I wet myself like a real adult," she thought to herself, "I can't believe I still pee my pants." Ellie returned to her car to clean up her accident, eager to put the humiliating experience behind her.

*004*2020-06-17 20:14

{{21 hours ago, sednarb1 said:

The only thing that could have made that better, is if she was telling the story, herself.

}}

Yeah, I considered that right after publishing it. It didn't feel right to write in first person whilst filling in the gaps. I may do a cut down version in her voice excluding the added details. Just experimenting and trying to get the feel for the literotica tone mostly. Thanks for the feedback though

*006*2020-06-18 03:46

Fair enough. Sorry, I'm new here so I'm trying to figure out what is appreciated. I'll keep that in mind.

*008*2020-06-20 05:38

{{On 6/18/2020 at 4:52 AM, LilMiss said:

It would be fine for you to do a first person telling, but then you would want to post it in the fiction section, and you could even say that it's based mostly on true event.

}}

I'll remember that for next time. Thanks

