Leaking, Grabbing, Moaning - Right Now!

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-04-06 19:22

Ok guys I'm currently desperate for a wee and my bladder is absolutly throbbing and full to the brim. I can't stop moving and there is a towel between my legs- oh God! I need to pee... Ooh! Almost squirted, but I saved it. Gotta pee... Gotta pee... I'm writing his because i thought you may be interested. Ooh! Oooohhhh!!! Its coming out, no, I saved it. *moans* gotta pee so bad!!!!! 😣😥😯

I-is there anything you guys want to ask? Feel free to tease me or have me do challenges. I'm about to leak, i need to hold myself. Oh god, its so intense... Oooooouuuuuhhhhhhhh......

*004*2019-04-06 19:36

{{5 minutes ago, Tonsor said:

Spread your legs wide for 1 minute with no grabbing

}}

I dribbled, it's coming out! Ooouuuhh... The towel is wet, but not too wet yet. I can hold it, i can hold... It...

{{2 minutes ago, Futons said:

How long have you been holding for?

}}

Since last night when i peed around 12 am.

*008*2019-04-06 19:48

{{7 minutes ago, UnDefined_404 said:

Try taking off your bottoms/panties and spread your legs, see what happens

}}

I squirted, it came out of my pee hole before I could stop it. I can't stop holding myself now it hurts so bad yet feels so good! 😍😥

*010*2019-04-06 19:52

{{2 minutes ago, Tonsor said:

And what time is it there now? Just curious cause midnight is almost 13 hours ago here .....

}}

3:49 pm. I just did the sit ups and started gushing. It spurted from between my trembling legs and i had to plug my pee hole to stop. Im sorry, i know I'm being a bad girl. I just need to go sooooo bad! Pretty please let my empty my bursting bladder? Im so full.... Oh please! I leaked. Im leaking. I cant stop! Ooh.... 😣

*012*2019-04-06 19:54

{{6 minutes ago, Tonsor said:

Rub your bladder, pressing on it gently as you get up and go get a glass of water. I'm sure this is making you very thirsty and you need to stay hydrated 😈

}}

I rubbed it, im rubbing it, it feels so good! ❤ the desperation is turning me on so much. The water is gone, and I cant sit still. The towel is almost soaked guys im about to lose it!!!!!

*014*2019-04-06 19:57

{{Just now, Zee said:

Hehe. Naughty girl. The water from Tonsor's request should make up for the leak. Try sitting on the toilet for at least 2 minutes? No peeing allowed, of course.

}}

Please no no no!!!! I can't do it, I'll pee, it will come out!

*016*2019-04-06 20:00

{{1 minute ago, Tonsor said:

I'm glad it feels so good. No moving from there until your bladder empties itself

}}

Zee told me to sit on the toilet, tell them no. Tell them i have to stay here i cant do it I'll pee.

*018*2019-04-06 20:02

{{Just now, Zee said:

Sounds like it's getting pretty serious. What if you do whatever it takes to wait until 4:30? Think you can hold it?

}}

Ooh... I-i can try.... It hurts Zee, please let me go? Pretty please?

*021*2019-04-06 20:07

Nooooooo...... Please no.... I cant take it, please!!!! Everything burns, I can smell the pee, but there's still more inside me! So much all trapped in my bladder!

*024*2019-04-06 20:12

{{1 minute ago, Tonsor said:

It'll all come out soon sweetheart ......

And then you can have a celebratory drink before you change your mind start again? 😘😍

}}

Dont make me drink. It wont fit in my bladder, it'll push the other stuff out! I'll pee into my towel and down my leg, crying and begging, oh dont make me drink, I'll go crazy! 😭

