Train Journey Home Wetting

Author: Gizmo

*000*2019-04-22 00:24

Hello all,

Just had a quite embarrassing train journey home from having a few drinks with some friends in London. First a little bit about myself I am mid twenties male with an average build. At the time I was wearing a t-shirt and some cargo pants.

I was out in the pub with some friends having some drinks when I realised I needed to catch a bus pretty urgently if I wanted to make it home by public transport. If I ended up staying it would have been a costly uber ride home and I didn't want to impose on my friend to stay over at hers. Realising this I didn't have any time to use the restroom when I left to catch my bus. At this point I wasn't really bursting or anything..in fact the need to pee wasn't even registering in my brain. I had about 4 pints of lager through the night which always makes me need to use the toilet.

The bus journey wasn't too long but about midway through I realised that I was getting pretty desperate to use to pee. Every bump was getting more and more painful as we went through. The bus ride was about 20-30 minutes to the train station. Getting out I figured that I would be able to use the toilet in the train station, however to my dismay every toilet was locked on the platform. Now here's where I made my poorest mistake. I had about 15 minutes before my train would arrive. I should have popped out the station and found a good bush to water. However, I thought I would be able to use the toilet on the train when it came.

The next 15 minutes were extraordinarily uncomfortable and I was realising it was becoming a bit of a situation. The platform was quite empty but I always get nervous about getting caught on camera having a wee for a reason despite that I could have easily justified it.. With about 6 minutes to the train coming I couldn't take it anymore and I unzipped myself and let a bit of pee out on platform. In hindsight it would have been better to let it out there but I thought I could release some pressure before the train comes and I would be fine on the train..I got a bit of wee on me as I was pretty rushed to unzip and zip back up.

The train came and I was absolutely ecstatic..I looked up and down the carriages and to my dismay there were no toilets on board. I asked the attendant and he said there were no toilets and my stomach dropped. I knew there was no way that I'd make it the 40 minutes on the train in the state I was in but it was the last train home and it was either get on this or take even longer to get home/pay quite a bit of money to get home.

I boarded the train. I was thinking "you can hold it, you can hold it" and it was just repeating in my head. I knew that I couldn't. I paced the train for a bit and looked for a carriage with minimal people. Luckily it was not very busy. I picked a seat and sat down. You are never more aware of the movement of a train than when your bladder is absolutely bulging. It wasn't long until the reality sunk in. Just a few stops passed and I already was sweating.

The pressure was building and building. I couldn't hold it anymore and bursts of pee came out as I was sitting. I held back the flood but a sizeable wetting at first. I inspected the seat for wetness and how my shorts were. Not bad I thought. If I could just hold this up now until I make it I'll be in the clear. How naive. These surges came and went for what felt like hours though it was only in about 40 minutes. Each successive time I peed my wet patch grew and grew. There was no denying it now. I've fully wet myself on the train. I didn't let it out fully because I didn't want to damage the seat and possibly have the staff tell me off or something like that I thought to myself.

Now I've never had a genuine accident before and all my wetting has been private and on purpose so this felt very strange to me. I've peed myself countless number of times in diapers and otherwise but now it was happening for real. I was equal parts excited and utterly embarrassed. Even though I had let out a good size of wee I was still very desperate to pee. It was like my work of letting out drops was not reaping any reward.

We finally pulled into the station and I realised now I had to walk 10 minutes back to my flat. I should have thought more carefully about when to get off the train and minimise the number of people who saw but I was tired and wanted to get back. I walked out the train and there were a small group of people about my age or a bit younger. A couple of girls and guys saw that I had completely wet myself and perhaps were making comments about it. I had my headphones in and just tried to power walk my way out of the station. Now a part of this quite excites me that a couple of strangers, especially a quite cute girl saw that I had wet myself. The other part of me panicking and praying that they wouldn't snap a picture or something like that.

I made it out the station and started walking. I live in a pretty busy town even at night, however it was relatively quiet. I walked through shadows so it wouldn't look like I had a big wet patch on my trousers until I got to the park right by my house. I was still pretty desperate at this point and figured at this point I might as well just finish the job and completely let go of myself in the park. Pee was coming down my leg and got into my shoe a bit. It felt pretty great.

I got back to my flat without much incident and avoided seeing anyone that I knew luckily. I still had to pee quite a bit so I grabbed a diaper from my stash and peed in there. Now I was feeling the excitement of what just happened and had a bit of "fun".

Still can't quite believe this happened but I suppose it does happen to people and I'm no exception. I guess the silver lining is that I quite enjoy wetting myself so not such a bad situation. Still feel a bit of anxiety and embarrassment about it but I'm sure that will go soon.

Sitting in my bed now in a diaper and wetting as I want to reward my bladder for its work..

If you've read this far thanks for reading and hope you thought it was an interesting experience. Have you lot ever had an experience like this on public transport? Let me know.

*004*2019-04-22 21:37

{{4 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Many people choose public transportation when they've had a few drinks. It's the responsible thing to do. However, not all train stations have public toilets, and some are locked at night. Not all trains have toilets, and even when they do, by late evening they are often out of order. I'm sure that there is a good deal of illicit pissing around stations and on trains, and no doubt wet pants may be somewhat common.

Good account.

}}

Yeah I definitely should have been aware of this as I've taken the train home hundreds of times. Just a bit of an error in judgement I suppose. I was fairly confident that the train would have had toilets as the trains going into London often do, but should't rely on it definitely. I would feel way too self conscious to piss in a corner on a train. I feel like that's quite a more shameful thing to do for some reason, though I suppose it is easier to clean. My friend actually told me a story about a girl squatting in front of her to pee on a train earlier this night! Of course I nodded in "disgust" about it A bit ironic though eh.

{{45 minutes ago, Simonwet said:

Yes that's happened to me -last train back from Manchester after a night out and far too many beers! I too was relying on there being a toilet on the train. Seemed to be a few of us thinking the same until one guy says ' if you're looking for a toilet there isn't one ' my bladder decided it had had enough by the and I just pissed my pants in front of everyone. After a few beers though I was past caring and walking home from the station , I was pretty excited and even proud of what I'd done!

}}

Honestly didn't have too many beers. I've had way more and been fine, not quite sure what the difference was this time, I did have about 3 pints in me with no toilet break so I suppose that would do it. Glad it's not just been me though! Can't say I was particularly proud of the incident but I definitely was excited afterwards. Thanks for sharing.

