Work Challenge Reprise

Author: gracie1807

*000*2025-07-20 21:49

After the excitement of my first Work Challenge, I decided to do another one when I changed jobs. I had moved to a job where I was on my feet for most of the day, so a bit more challenging on the bladder front! I was also going to film parts of it and take some pictures to collate into a big video (now sadly gone, I lost it on a hard drive!). My work outfit was a black polo top, with black cargo trousers and my usual colourful boxers.

The decision to do a hold this time was made late. Work in the afternoon was slowing down and at around 2.30pm I decided to start upping my water intake by a considerable amount! If I was going to be desperate by 5pm, my finish time, I needed water inside me fast. I did pee before drinking, more just to give me the chance of holding out as I didn’t want to be at capacity with lots of time left.

3pm - half an hour in and I’m already half way down my litre bottle. Each drink i take is 3-4 gulps, and I can feel it bloating my stomach. I carry on working with just small things left to do. I delibrately leave some stuff to when my bladder is full. A) to distract me and B) to test me. 0/10

3.30pm - the tingle had arrived by this point. Just a small ache, nothing bad. But once again like previous holds I got that feeling of both excitement and nerves. I’d finished a litre of water and was a third of the way down another. 1 and a half hours til finish. How full would I be? 2/10

3.45pm - the pressure was increasing as the water kept flowing. I was now close to finishing my second litre. After that, it would just be small amounts to top up. I don’t like going too much further than 2 litres, for fear of doing some damage. We are at “i should really find a toilet” stage, but again nothing too bad. I’m anticipating a big jump soon. 5/10

4pm - woosh! A big surge of pressure hit me and stayed with me when I lean’t over to pick something up. Up until that point I was filling but it wasn’t a worry. But my jump to 7/10 came out of the blue. I guess I took my eye off the ball for a few moments. Weirdly, I caught myself walking to the toilet. I was briefly on autopilot and had gone to pee, remembering as I got to the door “wait, I’m doing a hold!”. Standing still was now not possible. I now looked around for the smaller tasks to do as I would definately need distracting. I took a photo of my bladder bulge and pushed it a few times. It was firming up very nicely. 7/10

4.15pm - few of the smaller tasks were now done, and no real increase of pressure. I don’t recall standing still though. Usually at this time of day when jobs were running out I would just sit and play some games on my phone, but one brief sit put too much pressure on my bladder. Standing it was, and I did so leaning over a table on my phone. 7/10

4.30pm - I had started playing a game on my phone to hide my phones clock. I was filling fast and kept looking at the time. Every now and then I would stand straight to stretch and feel the almighty pressure around my waist. The last occasion of which I jolted back forward to surpress a leak. The pressure had jumped again and now it was “do I pee now and give up” weighing up the time it would take to get home. Once again though, I was determined to carry on. I was also taking sips of water every so often just to keep things ticking over. But the worry was settling in, not to mention I would be driving home in a car that wasn’t mine. Not something I wanted to explain if I had an accident. 8/10

4.40pm - the pressure was building again and I now I’m dancing. I close our building’s shutters and start ramping down for the day, gingerly! Every move I make I’m super careful as to what I’m doing so’s not to spring a leak. I walk into our cold store and I gasp as the cold hits my spine and shudders my bladder. I feel my urethra fill with pee. I stop, grab hold of my dick and the feeling subsides within a few seconds. I quickly shoot out of the cold store, ensuring that’s the last time I go in there in this predicament. 8.5/10

4.45pm - I know I still have 15mins left, but it’s the end of the week and I’ve done all my work. Plus I really really have to pee. Screw it, hold out another 5mins then go. I head upstairs, clenching my muscles with every step I take, and lay on the sofa we had up there. I was in a good position there. Not straight but not hunched in sitting position, my bladder had enough room. I layed there with my knees shaking the whole time, but for the first time in this hold, surprisingly, I was comfortable. 8.5/10

4.50pm - right I gotta go now if I am gonna make it home. In order to not put more pressure on my bladder I practically roll off the sofa, and gingerly rise to my feet. I breathe out with purt lips, moving one hand over my swollen bladder. I head down stairs, lock up and walk over to my car. Now was my biggest test. Sitting and with a seatbelt. I slowly lower myself into the car and immediately feel the pressure, almost as high up as my diaphragm. “Jeeees” i whisper to myself.

I should have waited a few more seconds to compose myself before buckling up, because when I crossed my left hand over my body to grab the seat belt, a tiny leak escaped from me into my pants. I gasp and immediately check for damage. No sign. Good, as there’s a walk from where I park my car to the building. I then buckle my seat belt and let go of the strap. Not too bad. It’s there, and it’s pressing, but it’s not awful. I set up my phone in the opposite door handle and begin filming the first part of the journey. I’m now sweaty and and my legs can’t stop shuddering. I set off. 9/10

4.55pm - The first few minutes were ok, I didn’t have to stop. But I am now approaching a just-turned red light at a very busy intersection. I have been held here for 2-3 mins in the past. As I slow down, the seatbelt across my waist digs in. As i’m grinding to a stop I slip the car out of gear and immediately pull the belt off my bladder with my free hand. Now I wait. And Wait. Each second felt like a minute. I only had about 7mins left of my journey, but we were getting close to capacity now and I certainly wasn’t comfortable in the seated position. I glance over at my phone recording and with my content hat on, pushed my bladder. What a mistake. I leaked again, this time quite heavily. Still nothing on my trousers but there was definitely a patch beginning to form in my boxers. C’mon lights, turn green! C’mon! They did, and I shot off up the road. 9.5/10

5pm - I made it to where I park the car, but it’s a 3 minute walk to my block of flats. Our area doesn’t have parking so we have to park over the other side of the main road. I shoot out of the car remembering to get my phone which was on the other side of the car. Leaning over put more pressure on my solid bladder, but luckily no issues. I begin walking quickly up the road towards my building, my bladder now starting to scream in agony. I am now panting and focussing every part of my brain on holding on. 9.5/10

5.03pm - i finally get to entrance of my building and as I scan my fob on the reader and push the heavy door open, i really thought I was about to lose all control. I gasped loudly, and somehow escaped flooding my pants. I even avoided a leak. But I was now completely full. I had to pee NOW. My hand grabbed hold of my dick on the outside of my trousers as I pressed for a lift. Luckily for me there was a lift waiting and I walked in, pressed for 8th floor and lean’t against the back wall of the lift leaning forward slightly. As the doors closed I unbuckled my belt to get as much space for my bladder as I could.

But it knew relief was in sight and pee was pushing for the surface. We get up one floor and I leak twice. Bsh bsh. Two jets of pee enter my pants and peak out the front of my trousers. “No no no no, not in the lift” I said to myself. As we got close to my floor, a longer jet escaped. Bsshhhhh. I squeezed my dick to stop the flow. This time pee came through my trousers and a small amount fell to the carpeted lift floor between my legs just as the lift slowed to a stop. I sped out of the lift, dick still in hand and had 20ft to my door. I was holding on with everything I had.

As I rounded the corner to my door I took my house key out of my pocket with my free hand and entered it into the lock. I was on my tip toes holding back the dam that was about to burst. My front door needed two free hands to open, one to turn the lock and the other to pull the handle down. I paused for a second, thinking I can do it all with one hand, but I couldn’t. There was nothing for it, I had to let go of my dick. I just knew it was about to be game over. Pee was at the edge of my dick just waiting for a tiny release of pressure around it for it to escape. I took a deep breath and quickly plotted my route to the bathroom in my head as I knew I’d be peeing by the time I got there. There was no other way for me to hold it. It was stand here and make a puddle on the corridor carpet, or leg it to the bathroom as I start peeing. I took a final deep breath, turned the lock and let go of my dick. 10/10

5.05pm - I’m peeing forcefully and fully clothed. I am also running through my front door heading for the bathroom. My left thigh starts to warm as the pee shoots out of me. I yank the toilet door open as it’s feet from the front door, hit the light switch as I run in and literally jump into the bath. No unbuckling of pants this time, it was way too late.

I then freeze and watch the pee pour out from every crease in my trouser legs. As I had gotten into the bath the trousers were soaked down to my knees, but in a matter of seconds, the entirety of my trousers were drenched, front and back with only small parts around my hips escaping the flood. I pee for a solid 60 seconds, leaning against the bath wall and catching my breath as I can feel my heart beating in my chest. I look back at my route into the bathroom and see a small trail of pee on the floor. When I was finished, I took off my shirt and turned the shower on to wash my pee-drenched clothes, later mopping up the trail on the floor!

Another hold in the bag!

