Unintentionally wet while with family.

Author: Guest Arou32

*000*2020-08-25 17:27

So we were at a family members house hanging out having a few drinks. I'm standing around talking to everyone having a good time. Most people were a little buzzed which made the situation more fun. As we were talking, the need to pee hit me like a ton of bricks! It was instantaneous. Had to do with the alcohol I'm sure. 

I tried finishing the conversation I was having at the moment but it just got stronger and stronger and fast! I started to dance around a little crossing my legs trying to keep it in but nothing I did helped. I felt about a 4 second stream go into my underwear and there was nothing I could do about it! Luckily my lower half was hidden behind a truck bed so no one could tell. People were everywhere so I didn't know which way would be best to get to the bathroom.

I looked around and found a relatively safe route to the house and tried like he'll to casually walk there without leaking. There was simply nothing I could do to hold it in. More spurts kept coming out. While I really enjoyed the feeling. I didn't want anyone to see me so I diverted and went straight to my car which was around the back of the house. 

I opened the door and before I could get my pants undone started peeing a full on stream. It soaked my underwear and a little in my pants. I loved this feeling but decided to just hope in the car and head for home which was only about 2 minutes away. I still had to go on the way home but I could at least manage it now. 

When I parked the car I got out, went into the garage and thought, I'm already wet, I may as well enjoy the rest of it. I pulled my pants down, kept my underwear up and just stood there and let the rest go. I was already turned on but this brought it to the next level so I went inside, threw all my clothes in the wash and got in bed and played with my wet self for while until I came. No one ever said anything or acted like they noticed a thing so I guess I got away with it. Pretty fun but could have potentially been pretty embarrassing.

