I can explain...

Author: Guest Rima31

*000*2022-11-04 01:27

Last year, right before December started, I went with my family to my aunt's place for her birthday. She and her husband are pretty wealthy and have a considerably big house. When we arrived we were welcomed by them and their 5 year old daughter. The party was full of grown-ups and little kids so it wasn't a place for an 18 year old to be, but still, my aunt is super cool and always supports me, so I wanted to at least attend her birthday. Well, everything aside it was quite a nice party and she had quite a lot of fun, I on the other side, got quite bored by the evening, but more than anything I could feel the urge to pee starting to creep on me, so I excused myself for a moment to go to the bathroom.

As I said before the house was quite big and had 2 bathrooms ( one on the ground floor and one on the first floor ). I tried to go to the one on the ground floor at first because it was closer, but I could hear some kids inside ( it seemed like they were playing hide and seek ). I didn't want to disturb them, plus I was embarrassed to ask them to leave so I could pee so in the end I gave up an went on my way to the upper floor.

Mira, their daughter's room was on this floor right before the bathroom. So passing by I could see the door to her room was wide open and she was playing with her dolls.

*she sees me*

Mira: Rima! Come play with me!

Me: Eh...maybe later ok? Why don't you play with the other kids down?

Mira: They just want to play hide and seek. I want to play with my dolls. Please, play with me!

Me: Ok, but let me first go to the bathroom, ok?

Mira: Yaaay, you are the best!

How can you day no to such a cute thing, I remember I thought at that moment. My need to pee was getting quite severe so I hurried up to the bathroom. Right before entering I could hear some noise from inside.

*I knocked*

Lady: Occupied!

"Oh no!"

Well, I couldn't do anything but wait. So I waited and waited but it seemed like she wasn't going to leave soon. I sprinted downstairs to go to the other bathroom ( I didn't care about the kids anymore, I was desperate ), but it was also occupied...

"Oh no!"

What was I going to do?! The stress from not being able to pee made my urge worse. I thought about where I could go in that moment. Usually I would just go in the back garden, but this time it was filled with people. I started to dribble a little.

"Oh no!"

I could go behind a tree on in a bush, but I was to nervous to go outside while holding my crotch, what if someone cold see me? I was frozen, when I suddenly remembered something. I rushed back to my cousin's room.

Me: Hey Mira!

Mira: Are you finished? ready to play?

Me: Yes, I came to play , but before that...(I closed the door) Do you still have that potty chair you showed me the last time I came here?

Mira began her potty training pretty late and wasn't quite finished with it, and the last time I came she really wanted to show it to me.

Mira: Yes, look there!

*She pointed near the bed*

Yes, there it was, Mira's potty. It was pink, decorated with flowers and branches and looked like a princess' throne, it even had a pink toilet paper support and pink toilet paper . No wonder she was so proud of it.

Me: Wow, so cute! Hey, Mira, before we play can I use it , pretty please? The bathroom is occupied and I have to do a pee-pee really bad.

I was really embarrassed about it, but I couldn't help, I was almost peeing myself at that point.

Mira: Sure!

Me: And please don't tell anybody about this ok?

Mira: Ok!

Yes, finally I could relieve myself! I removed my already damp panties ( one of the few times I would wear panties...well I was wearing a dress so no helping it), lift up my dress and sat on the potty chair. As cute and princess-like it was, it was still a kid's potty (now...I am quite a small girl, but one thing that is not as small as the rest is, well, my butt ) still, I tried to position myself the best I could so I would pee inside it. After a few seconds of repositioning I finally relaxed and released the stream. It was so loud and powerful that Mira started laughing.

Mira: Hehe, you really had to pee-pee!

Me: Yes, I really had! * I said laughing *

Suddenly I heard the door suddenly opening and a familiar face entered the room

My aunt: Mira, lets go down! We are having cake! *She said smiling as her eyes slowly drifted toward my figure, sitting in the corner of the room, using her daughter's potty*

I gasped in shock, trying to get up not realizing that I was still peeing at the time. It started spilling everywhere. I quickly started holding my crotch trying to stop the stream. I was panicking and tearing up...

Mira: Eww, don't pee on the floor!

Me: I... I'm sorry! * I started crying*

My aunt: Hey, hey, it's ok, no need to be scared. Sit down, finish, then we can talk ok? Mira, be quite a little ok? * She closes the door behind her *

Mira: Ok...

I sit down and start peeing again, but it wasn't a relaxing pee... All I could think was what I was going to tell her.

After a minute or so I finally finished peeing. The potty was full, almost overflowing with pee, even my butt was touching it( I know I pee a lot, but seeing it like that made me realize that it was much more than I thought ) . I sight looking down at the mess I made . I peed quite a bit on the carpet and floor, what am I going to tell her...

My aunt: Are you finished? *Asks me smiling*

Me: Yes... * I tell her as I get up, still not daring to look her in the eyes*

My aunt: Hey, it's ok sweetie, I'm not mad at you, tell me what happened.

Me: You aren't?

My aunt: Of course not * She takes a some toiled paper and starts to wipe my legs * You know, when you were little I used to wipe you every time you would end up wetting yourself when I was taking care of you.

I explaining what happened as I take some toilet paper too and start to wipe my butt which was still dripping pee.

My aunt: I see... Well my sister ( my mother ) told me you still have a bladder issue. It must be hard *She hugs me* . It's going to be ok. I told you I'm not angry.

Me: Thank you! * I hug her back *

I extend my hand to get the panties on the floor.

My aunt: Oh, dear, they are soaked, give them to me to wash and dry them. It won't take much.

Me: Thank you...and about the carpet and floor I'm so sorry. I'll clean them and I'll empty the potty right now.

My aunt: It's ok, no need to be sorry. I'll take care of them later. I was going to send that carpet to cleaning anyway, and that potty is too full, you'll most likely end up spilling the content if you lift it. I'll empty it later.

Mira: But, mommy I want to go pee-pee too!

My aunt : No problem, mommy will take you to the bathroom so you can do it there.

After that my aunt took my cousin to the bathroom as I waited in her room. After a while Mira came back and we began to play with her dolls, and a little bit later my aunt also came back with my now washed and dried panties (to be honest I already forgot about them, and I feel better without wearing anything gown there but, I had to...)

After some time passed and got pretty late it was finally time to go home. Before leaving my aunt promised she won't tell anybody about what happened and invited me to come again. And with everything that happened in mind, we were all very exhausted. I couldn't wait to get home, change into my pull-up and go straight to bed ( still...my dad still had to stop the car a few times on our way back so I could pee, but well, some things just don't change, do they?...)

