Desperate walk and nonchalant peeing

Author: Guest

*000*2023-04-26 23:11

Hi, it’s been a while since I last posted, took a small hiatus, and although I’m not coming back for good just yet, this was quite exciting for me so I thought I’d share.

I decided to have a little bit of fun this evening by going for a desperate walk, I was wearing some beige skinny jeans, white socks, black thong and bra, white t shirt, and some dark red vans. I was at home doing some revision when I had an urge to pee, I’d put it off and kept revising for about half an hour, whilst still drinking a can of monster, then I decided to get up and go to the toilet, I locked the bathroom door behind me and was about to use the toilet, but I stopped myself, I hadn’t had a break for a while, and was in the mood for some fun, so I decided to get another drink down me and then go for a walk. 

I finished my monster and then grabbed a green tea, which I downed quickly and then I grabbed another monster for the walk and my keys and headed out to my car, I drove for about 10 minutes to a large field which has a long walking path on it, very scenic area, I parked my car and there weren’t any other cars parked there, I hopped out and took my monster with me, I opened it and took a few mouthfuls and then went on my walk, I was already quite desperate at this point but I wanted to act like it was nothing and didn’t do any leg crosses or anything like that, I had been walking for about 15 minutes when I felt really desperate, I was walking alongside a river and the gentle water noises weren’t making it any easier, I had to cough, and when I did I had a small leak, I kept walking and looked down afterwards to see a small stain had formed.

Another 15 minutes had passed and I was nearing my limit without crossing my legs or crotch holding, so I went off of the path and underneath the foliage of some trees, I wasn’t visible from the path, this area had been explored many times by people in the area, so it was easy to walk. I stopped and crossed my legs and it felt much better and more under control, but I didn’t want to make it obvious and wanted to keep it nonchalant, I stood there for a few minutes pondering how I should pee, if I should pull down my jeans and pop a squat or pee whilst dressed, I decided to do the latter.

I separated my legs slightly, took a breath, and began to pee my jeans, the warm pee soaked into my jeans quickly, leaving a large trailing pee stain down my legs, it was hissing slightly and my jeans got darker with the stains, after a few seconds of peeing crossed my legs to see if I could make the stain bigger, which I managed to do, at the end of it, the back and middle of my legs were soaked, and the front was decently wet too, my bum was a little wet also, and the stains reached all the way down to my ankles and soaked my socks and shoes too. There was no puddle, as the pee had been soaked into the dry dirt beneath me.

I took a video of myself talking about the situation and sent it to two people, one being a very close friend who finds it funny when I pee myself because, according to her I have a weak bladder because of the amount of times I’d peed myself or had to drop a squat on nights out, the other person was a fwb who is into it, I sent him some extra photos as well (I would share these photos, but it’s a bit daunting considering how many people are here).

I walked back up to the path, and continued walking along it in my soaked jeans, I also continued to take some photos and videos for the two friends. After 20 minutes or so of walking, I’d gotten to the point I wanted to walk to, and started to walk back. The walk back was somewhat uneventful, but my pee stained jeans got cold quite quickly and although I was enjoying myself, it wasn’t the most comfortable, my urge to pee had started again and was building back up too. Also on the way back, I did see another person, I said hi to them and they said hi back, but I don’t think they noticed.

I eventually got back to my car and I had an urge to pee again, but I couldn’t decide what to do, head into the town or stay in the car park, I flipped a coin and ended up going into the outskirts of the town, I continued to walk passed houses and businesses, then finally snuck down an alley to empty my bladder, instead this time I squatted down and peed through my jeans whilst squatted, so the stain on my bum would be more noticeable, there was less pee this time, but there was a noticeable puddle which was letting off some steam, I stood up halfway through and let more pee run down my legs. When I was finished I went back to my car and drove myself home, when I got home I quickly went to my front door, but I think my neighbour may have spotted me, I went inside and headed up to my bedroom and grabbed a towel, then headed to the bathroom, I let the last bit of pee in my bladder out into my jeans, then stripped off and had a shower.

Was very fun for me, makes me remember how fun this is for me, can’t wait to come back properly in the summer. Hope you all enjoyed reading.

