Made it home, but I wet my panties (pics)

Author: glitterpeach

*000*2020-11-18 22:19

Today I went out for a few hours and didn't have access to a bathroom. Eventually I ended up really needing to pee (of course), but I wasn't in a place where I could've gone in the grass or something. By the time I got home I was completely desperate and struggling to hold on.

I made it to the door without leaking somehow, but I was about to lose control, and being so close to the bathroom made it worse. My keys were in my bag and I had to dig around for them. By that point I was squeezing my thighs together and bouncing on the spot where anybody could see, it was obvious I was about to have an accident. I shakily tried to get the key in the lock and missed a few times, and as I was frantically squirming I felt a little jet of pee soak my panties. My face went very pink and I crossed my legs tight trying keep it in.

My key finally went into the lock and I threw the door open, rushing inside. The second I closed it behind me I shoved both hands between my legs. For a moment I froze and almost let go right in the doorway, but I managed to run to the bathroom.

Pee kept leaking into my panties the whole way. Once I got there I knew it was too late, I was wetting myself. Luckily I had a dress on, so I yanked it up as quickly as I could, but that was all I had time to do. It was coming out, I couldn't stop it. I sat down and just peed through my panties. The relief felt amazing, and I was still blushing at the thought of how close I came to wetting on the doorstep where people could see

*003*2020-11-18 22:51

{{20 minutes ago, kalle2020 said:

Great story and pictures, @glitterpeach, thanks for sharing!

I assume those black stockings were just stockings and not tights, so that they did not get wet?

}}

Thank you Yes, they're knee socks. It dripped down my legs a bit but those stayed dry.

*009*2020-11-20 23:41

{{On 11/18/2020 at 8:03 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

Since you were able to avoid being seen, was the wetting fun?

}}

Definitely

{{On 11/19/2020 at 2:37 PM, AliceWetting said:

That story was really hot.

I bet you felt very naughty after that..

}}

Thanks~ And yes absolutely, it was really exciting

*013*2020-11-23 12:08

{{17 hours ago, robotdujour said:

Fun story and hot pictures! If you had gone in the grass would it have been through your underwear?

}}

Normally in public I pull my panties to the side and go without getting them too wet, but it's fun to let a little bit out in them anyway

*019*2020-12-12 11:32

{{On 11/29/2020 at 8:57 AM, jango said:

Awesome story and pics to boot! Have you ever started peeing on accident in front of people? I had a girlfriend that was pretty into the fetish and would sometimes squeeze my arm when we were in public to let me know she was peeing a little in her panties. She usually waited until there was a guy behind his, probably checking her out. Good times !

}}

I have sometimes, usually if I get stuck talking to someone for too long. I haven't wet enough for anyone to notice, but I've leaked in my panties and down my legs a little.

{{On 11/30/2020 at 9:49 PM, Drip Drop said:

Amazing story. Did the dress make it through the whole ordeal unscathed?

}}

Yep! I managed to keep it dry, even though my panties got soaked

