Ibiza nights with a roommate with a weak bladder

Author: Guest idk12345

*000*2017-08-05 22:38

So me and my roommates (including Summer) decided to go on a girls holiday together, anyone from the UK will know what type I'm talking about. We went on a party holiday to Ibiza, lots of alcohol and a lot of sex.

Ibiza is quite expensive so for many days we decided to go for the cheap, disgusting clubs that had no entry fee and were a quick walk from our hotel. However for one fateful day we chose to go for a high end, expensive club on the other side of the island.

There was a group of 5 of us and we all had desperate moments ( I might write about those another time) but Summer was the one to actually piss herself.

So we knew we had to walk to the bus stop from our hotel. The bus was at quarter to and we left at half past even though the bus stop was about a 25 minute walk (the next bus was, we thought, an hour wait) so we had to try and run. As we were running I was next to Summer and she kept complaining she had to pee a lot because she drank so much at pre drinks.

Unfortunately we missed the bus and Summer was so relieved because that meant she could squat in an alley and piss however as we were leaving another bus came that was going to the club we wanted to go to; we went to the bus and claimed our seats, mine was next to Summer as we are best friends.

It took about 15 minutes before the bus moved and as soon as we started moving Summer complained about how much she had to pee and how desperate she was and of course I noticed.

This club we were going to was known for having very expensive drinks so we were smuggling in lots of alcohol in hip flasks and as the bus kept driving on there was a very attractive girl that Summer was talking to and flirting with (she's a lesbian) that was trying to convince Summer to drink the content of her flask and because Summer likes to impress any pretty girl that flashes a smile she did it.

The next hour passed with Summer whining, squirming and moaning that she had to 'wee so badly, guys!'. Her hands were firmly planted on her crotch as she shifted on her seat, hissing.

We got to our stop and ran to the club (thanks to Summer needing to wee) and as soon as we got to the line, Summer had to convince the guard that she wasn't smuggling anything in. The guard believed her.

Despite this, the clubs in Ibiza are massive and we couldn't find the toilets so we spent 10 minutes trying to find the toilets and as we were looking for them Summer started talking about how she was about to piss herself.

When we finally found the toilet we waited in the queue until Summer was whining and squirming. Whenever she's desperate she's looks straight in my eyes, grabs my hands,makes a high pitched whine and presses my hands right in her crotch. Usually we look at each other until we get into a stall but this time I felt something wet on my hands.

Summer's eyes went super wide and at this point I can tell she's pissed herself however she's wearing a black skirt it's not obvious on her clothes, though there's a growing puddle on the floor. My hands were firmly pressed against her white panties and I felt her piss going through my fingers.

Summer then smiles at me and walks out of the toilets, leaving me to piss on my own.

