A Little Wet Fun in My Jeans

Author: Guest

*000*2019-01-13 00:39

Hey, all!

Decided to wet myself after watching videos for a few hours that really helped get me in the mood. I wanted to try something I've seen in a handful of videos, which I've always found very sexy - when in the middle of a jeans wetting, I've seen some people pull down their jeans halfway and continue to pee into them through their underwear (or even naked, which I find incredibly sexy ). The result is usually a wetter-than-normal butt and crotch, from what I've seen.

It looked fun, so I stripped down, put on a nice, light pair of jeans and briefs, and decided to give it a try! Sorry for the shakiness in the vid...

Thankfully had no trouble getting started - I think I'm getting over my shyness about peeing on video, yay! I could tell it was all going down the back at first, which was a little disappointing. I did manage to pull down my jeans about halfway through my pee to get a shot of what I was going for - peeing through my underwear into the crotch of my pants (in the video, you can see a few seconds of two streams soaking out of my briefs - one on each side, quite proud of that).

Ultimately didn't get quite as wet as I wanted, but the extra wetness when I pulled up my pants was quite enjoyable. In the video, I show a front and back end result before giving you a little shake of my wet bum.

As usual, still sitting in my puddle while I type this out. Butt and thighs are still enjoyably damp, and my pissy jeans are clinging to my skin there. My calves also managed to soak up some of my mess, and I'm not sure why, but this feels AMAZING. About time to get myself off and get cleaned up - I'm such a dirty boy... Hope you enjoy!

IMG-1478.mp4

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

