Witnessed Two Women Use the Men`s Bathroom

Author: Goldwood

*000*2024-04-09 04:43

Hey OmoOrg! It's been awhile since I posted in the experience section, but yesterday I received a blessing from the Omo Gods while at a coffee shop that I figured I'd share. Everyone described in this account was an adult in their twenties.

While most coffeeshops in my town have 2 single stalled gender neutral bathrooms, this particular place I was at has a Men's and Women's restroom. I was there for several hours on a lazy Sunday afternoon at a table that people had to walk past to reach the restrooms. Partway through my visit, one of the baristas headed to the women's restroom. I didn't think much of it until another barista headed that direction about 10 minutes later and I noticed the first barista wasn't out yet. The second barista must have been more desperate than her appearance let on, because rather than waiting she headed straight for the men's room when she only would've needed to wait another couple minutes for her coworker.

Later there was a bit of a communication breakdown. Rather than leaving the door cracked open after leaving like normal, someone left the women's room but shut the door behind her. Eventually another young woman headed to the bathrooms showing some classic desperation signs. She was a bit antsy and visibly disappointed when she saw the shut door. For whatever reason, she just assumed the bathroom was occupied rather than knocking and went to buy her drink first. She came back a couple minutes later and was met with the same shut door, looking visibly frustrated. Rather than knocking, she saw that the men's bathroom was cracked open and used that one instead. I have no clue why she didn't knock either time, but apparently sometimes people really do act like the oblivious protagonists of stories on this site.

Shortly after the second woman completed her quest, a woman sitting a few tables away did the exact same thing and sat back down when she saw the door to the women's bathroom shut. I guess my generation really doesn't like knocking bc of how awkward it can be if someone's inside. At this point I was honestly just as intrigued by the psychology aspect as I was the omo aspect while I wondered what she would do next. She got up again after a few minutes of sitting there tapping her foot and I briefly wondered if I'd witness a third woman going to the men's room. It didn't happen though. She knocked, found no one inside, and came out looking relieved.

Hope you enjoyed this little anecdote! And now I'm curious, if you walked up to a single bathroom and the door was shut, would you knock or wait for someone to come out? I'd probably wait a couple minutes and then knock.

Thanks for reading,

Goldwood

