I just had my first real public wetting experience

Author: Guest kaylaboots

*000*2022-09-24 23:35

Hi there, about an hour ago (depending on when I finish typing all this), I just had my first public wetting experience. Sorry if this is poorly written, I'm not a great writer 😅.

To preface before I get into the story, I'm not comfortable uploading pictures or anything as I'm still very new to engaging with this community and have spent most of my time as a lurker, both on this site and others. So sorry to disappoint if that's what you came here for. To help with your imagination of the event, I'll just give some basic details about my appearance: I'm white, above average female height, slim/muscular build and have short blonde hair.

After making a couple posts on here, I started talking with a couple people in DMs who were curious about my wetting habits, and public wetting came up as a topic. I'd never considered doing anything in public which was more than just being contained to my panties, but to keep it short, I was inspired (?) to do something a bit outside my comfort zone. I wanted to do my first public wetting, and the plan was to do it at night, wearing black jeans + a coat to cover up in case the nerves got to me. I was just going to take a quick walk to the bus stop, which is two minutes from my house, do the deed and then walk back. Simple.

So today was the day I had planned, and I already had the idea of what I was going to wear: tight black jeans, black OTK boots, and a coat which would be long enough to cover up just in case. I started filling up on water about 2-3 hours beforehand and also spent some time layering my boots' insides with cling film/plastic wrap to prevent damage. It's a bit flimsy, but it was better than nothing. Now when the time came to get into my outfit of choice, I realised something a bit daunting: both my pairs of black jeans were in the wash still. This was a bit of a hitch, but I wasn't about to bail when I had done the setup already. I instead chose the darkest pair of blue jeans I had, which showed pee only a bit more visibly, but would be fine in the dark (hopefully).

I quietly left my house as to not wake any of my neighbours and set out to the bus stop. Despite the advice I had been given, I was shaking with nervousness, but also excitement. Being semi-desperate to pee really didn't help the shaking either 😅. I was definitely having trouble walking straight. After a long two minute walk (probably longer), I made it to the bus stop. As I live in a small town/village, the buses don't run late so it was just me. I had to take a seat to get myself together before doing anything. I tightly crossed my legs and looked left and right, checking if anyone was coming. No people, no cars, just me.

I slowly stood up and leant against the stop, and relaxed myself a bit. I decided it was time. I stood up straight and tried to let some out, but my body was fighting me a little bit, as it knew what I was going to do. My heart was pounding, but I persisted. After some seconds, I felt some pee slowly trickle out of me before stopping. I looked down and my jeans were still dry, it was just in my panties. I relaxed again and let some more out. I could then feel a warmth around my crotch. 

I looked down and saw a slight wet spot. Then for the last time, I relaxed, pushed a bit and it began gently flowing into my jeans without stopping. I looked down as I was wetting and could see the pattern growing on the front of my jeans. I saw the stream travel down my legs and disappear into my boots, where I felt it creep down to my ankles and moisten my socks. After about 10 or 12 seconds, surprisingly, I was done. I guess the nerves made me think I was more desperate than I really was 🤨. There was only a few drops on the pavement, and I shook my boot around a little, and couldn't feel much at all in there. Less cleaning for me, I guess 😊

I didn't really know what to do with myself after, I just kind of admired my jeans a bit before deciding to walk home. However, this is where things get interesting. As I began walking back, I saw someone walking towards me. We were quite a distance away still, but this was the scenario I was dreading. I didn't immediately recognise him and he didn't emerge from my street, so I could assume he wouldn't recognise me. The stretch where we would pass by each other didn't have any street lights, so my wet jeans would be less visible. I had calmed myself down a bit now and wasn't shaking, although my heart has struck up again. 

My head was telling me to cover up my jeans with my coat, but my heart wanted me to keep my jeans revealed, so I took the advice I had read on here and walked more confidently/normally. As we went to pass each other, I didn't notice his head or eyes move down to my crotch, and before I knew it, it was over. I was so relieved, but also felt so naughty for what I had done. I had just fully pissed my pants, in public, and walked past someone in fully wet jeans without breaking a sweat.

I enjoyed that stroll home, and kept glancing down at my jeans. I felt a strange sense of accomplishment as I walked in a confident stride, in fully wet jeans. To some of you more experienced wetters who can do this in broad daylight in front of people without a care, I probably sound so dramatic, but I really was so paranoid about this 😂. To some of you, it's probably arguable about whether this was even "public" since there was no-one around to even see. It doesn't matter though, I'm proud of myself ☺️. The first thing I thought to do when I got home was to get my laptop and type this up, while still in my wet jeans and boots, so here I am ^^

As to whether I'll do this again, probably yes, but not for a while. I feel that this is as daring as I want to get with this kink (at least for now). I thoroughly enjoyed the experience though, and I hope you enjoyed reading. I think I'll stay in my clothes for a while longer, then go to bed ^^

&&

