A slightly more embarrassing experience

Author: Guest Jasminexo

*000*2022-04-22 15:46

Hey, so a little backstory for myself. I’ve always been into racing for as long as I can remember, and a few years ago, I bought the parts necessary for a proper iRacing Setup, so I bought a seat, pedals, steering wheel, and gearstick and had it setup at my desk so that I could connect it to my computer and use it for racing. Secondly, it is very warm where my setup is, it’s somewhat high up in my house, so all the warm air rises to it, and the only windows are below it, so it doesn’t leave and just circulates, this causes two things, first of all, I typically just wear athletic clothes up there, since I sweat a lot in gym clothes anyway, and they’re comfortable to do so, and then also I drink a lot up there to cool myself down, usually just water or RedBull.

And then finally, I use this setup for racing obviously, but I do it a lot online with friends and a lot of the time we will do very long races. Now that that’s out of the way, I’ll get on with it. (I also flip flop between using the words simulator/sim and setup, they’re both relating to the same thing if anyone gets confused)

So it was a pretty normal day, wasn’t doing a hold or anything, and a few of my friends decided to do a bit of racing, I didn’t need to pee at this point so I didn’t bother, but I agreed and I started to get changed. I wore a pair of white ankle socks, a red thong, a pair of black sporty short shorts (like the really short ones by Nike Pro) and I wore a black sports bra on top, I went downstairs quickly and got myself 2 glasses of water and I went back upstairs to my racing setup. I placed the glasses of water on the side, tied my hair back and sat down in the simulator. I turned on the pc, joined a call with some of my friends and we started playing, we decided to do a 10 lap warm up in our cars before doing a longer race, we were all using the 2010 RedBull F1 car, so we just wanted to get to grips with it first.

I gradually drank my water through the practice session, as it was easy to drink on the beginning of a straight, I got about halfway through the first pint of water I had, I also had a fair few cans of RedBull beside me as well, they were the larger cans, 430ml or so I think, I had opened the first one just after our practice session. We decided to do a few back to back F1 races, but slightly shortened in length, about 30-40 laps of each circuit. We started with a one shot qualifying session at Zandvoort (The Netherlands).

There was 12 of us and I got P2, which was pretty good, so I started in second place as the race began. We started the race, we were doing 35 laps of the circuit, some time passes and we’re on lap 15, I’ve sunk down to 3rd but I’m still fighting two of my friends for 1st place, and I’m trying to fend off two others trying to pass me, I’ve finished my first glass of water and am steadily getting through my second, and I’ve finished a RedBull and am nearly finished with my second, it’s pretty normal to feel a slight urge to pee, and although I did have an urge to pee, I ignored it because it’s pretty normal to have an urge in this situation.

Move ahead a bit and we’re on lap 30, and I’m in P1 after two of my friends pitted for fresh tyres, (I didn’t need to because I qualified on Mediums, and we didn’t have to pit during the race if we didn’t want to) and I was starting to feel the urge get stronger, but it’s normal to feel desperate, in my experience it usually doesn’t mean youre as desperate as you think you are. I had finished my water and was on my third RedBull, and a little while later I finished the race in first, which gave me some points, and also meant I was starting on pole (first place) for the next race which was at Bahrain, another 32 laps were ahead at a really good track.

About halfway through, I had fallen down to third after a pit stop but was determined to fight back and pushed away my increasing urge to pee. At around lap 18 I was in second and fighting hard for 1st, and it suddenly hit me just how bad I needed to pee, but thing is, I needed both my hands on the wheel and I couldn’t cross my legs because of the pedals, I just had my muscles to rely on keeping it inside me, I especially didn’t want to leak or pee in my racing seat since it’s expensive.

The end of the race came, and I was gonna excuse myself to go pee, but my friends had already started the second to last race, which was at Australia, and was 30 laps. I was starting in second this time, I was in first in terms of the points (26 from zandvoort and 19 from Bahrain, 45 in total, second was at 40 points) but I was really struggling with my full bladder, I was on lap 2 and had dropped down to 5th place because I couldn’t focus on driving since my bladder was so full, I was still very warm and very thirsty from the heat so I was still drinking, I was on my 4th RedBull, and then lap 12 came around, I had sunk down to 8th place.

I was close behind 7th and 6th place, when they braked for a corner and crashed together, I moved quick enough to dodge them, but I moved so suddenly and harshly that I stopped holding onto my pee, and began to piss myself in my race seat, I initially tried to stop it, but it was no use and I just let the flood loose, my panties and shorts were soaked within just a few seconds and my pee started to fill up and pool inside my race seat, and after a minute my pee was still flowing hard and strong, but my seat was full and started to overflow out of the seat, I eventually finished peeing, a lot of pee was on the floor and was still pooled up in my seat, I felt much better, and started to focus more on the race, I managed to fight my way back up to 2nd by lap 28 and then managed to fight my way into first place after I forced them into an error and I managed to win at Australia.

I realised that I didn’t have enough time to clean up my mess or get changed, so I sat there in my pee, drinking my RedBull whilst I waited down the 3 minute countdown for the final race at Spa, to make the rest of the story short, I peed more into my seat during the race at spa, and ended up winning at spa and winning our mini championship, which didn’t really justify the fact that I’d just peed into my race seat, but it cheered me up a bit.

I got up, a LOT of pee dripped down my legs and a lot splashed onto my floor too, I got some towels to soak up all the pee and wipe up the pee on the floor, I cleaned up all my pee whilst still wearing my piss soaked clothes, once my pee was all soaked and cleaned up I wiped down the seat with some cleaning spray, and then left to strip off my piss soaked clothes, I took off my socks as a lot of pee had splashed on them, then I peeled off my thong and shorts, there was not a single dry patch on them, they were completely soaked. I took off my bra as well to go shower. I came back out and dried off, put on some new underwear, socks and leggings, put on the same bra and went back to racing.

Also, this caused another incident at the gym later that day, I usually wear black at the gym so if I leak no one can see, but I didn’t have any other clean black athletic wear, I had to wear grey leggings instead, leaked a bit and it was super obvious and just had to deal with it for a good amount of my workout.

