Taunted While Desperate

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2016-03-13 08:14

Hey friends! I'm back. I've missed you! It's been a while since I've posted. I've kind of had some things going on in my personal life, you know? I'm back, though, and I have some more experiences to share from the past few months!

This was actually in tenth grade, but something reminded me of it, and I haven't written about it yet, so here it goes.

I was fifteen or sixteen, a sophomore in high school. Like many, I rode the bus in the morning. There was this girl, Kati, who often was kind of moody in the morning and didn't want to talk, so her silence wasn't really concerning and I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.

A quick description of Kati: She's pretty short, kind of... Stocky, I guess, is the word? Not really fat, not curvy, but not thin. If I had to guess, I'd say she was 5'0 and 160 lbs. Short dirty blonde hair, glasses, and if I remember correctly, she was wearing light blue colored jeans.

More kids got on the bus, friends of ours, and eventually (twenty minutes or so after I'd gotten on the bus) someone leaned to the seat behind me where Kati was sitting, curled in a ball, hiding her face, and asked if she was ok.

Kati looked up and her eyes were red and tears were streaming down her cheeks. Of course that attracted the attention of a few others who demanded to know what was wrong. Kati was the type to LOVE this type of attention, very dramatic, you know? So I didn't insert myself into her business until I heard her tearful declaration "I just really have to pee."

Our friend Carl announced to the bus, "You're crying because you have to pee?!" and Kati started openly sobbing and holding herself.

If she didn't have everyone's attention before, she did then. A dozen people surrounded her, talking about waterfalls, and tried to tickle and poke her.

She carried on the entire rest of the way to school, about a half hour. Everyone made a big show of blocking the aisle and not letting her off of the bus. She responded by standing in the aisle and clenching her thighs together, bending forward. Eventually she was allowed to awkwardly shuffle off of the bus, never parting her thighs.

I kept an eye on her as she entered the school and as she and her cousin, who was sitting with her, finally made it to the bathroom not far from the entrance. I can assume she made it, completely dry, but I have no way of knowing for sure. I'll let you make up your own ending to this story.

