Wet spot on my friends leggings

Author: Guest hallie

*000*2020-11-19 16:25

Hi! Just wanted to share a story today. This happened a few years ago now.

I was having a sleepover with my friend who was quite notorious for being pee shy. To me at least, as I’m not sure how many others noticed that sort of thing haha. She never used the bathroom back in school, she went every day without using it once. Even at my house she was quite hesitant too. I often found her squirming. I never had a crush on her, but it was quite enjoyable to watch.

It was the morning after our sleepover, and she was sleeping in my clothes. She was in my pink leggings. I woke up before her on the air mattress on the floor. She was up on my single bed, so i looked up to see if she was awake yet. Her back was facing me and the blanket was no longer covering her- and i audibly gasped as i saw the dark pink patch over the back of her thighs. I was so sleepy and shocked that i just stared for a whole minute, my heart beating out of my chest. I sat up quietly not wanting to wake her, trying to make out any mess she’d made. She had been sleeping on her side, and the mattress was completely dry, only her thighs had been marked. I was literally buzzing knowing she had only leaked, that she must still need to go, and how she must of gone to sleep desperate- leaking into the leggings. My leggings. I laid back down to try to sleep more, not wanting to be awake when she woke up. I definitely didn’t get back to sleep, but it didn’t take long for her to wake up.

I heard her shuffle around for a long while, she obviously realised what had happened and was accessing everything. Then she “woke” me, and i opened my eyes slowly, waiting for her to tell me what happened- she didn’t, she simply came onto my air mattress and sat on her heals, her blanket over her lap. We just spoke for a while and laughed about a few things. I could barely focus. I knew she still needed to pee, and i knew she was in wet panties. They must’ve looked so pretty. Very soon into the convo she was wiggling around quite a bit, squirming in her place. I had no idea why she wasn’t going. I asked her if she wanted to get up and she paused, a little panicked, and blurted “i kind of need to pee...” i just nodded, saying that i didn’t mean to keep her.

She was quiet for a moment before telling me “i kinda have a habit of holding my pee and um... i don’t wanna go just yet.” I was absolutely losing my mind. I barely knew how to respond. We stayed in bed for a while longer, about an hour before we finally got up. When i looked for the wet spot it was pretty faded, probably her plan, and she kept things in front of her while we made breakfast- like standing on the other side of the table and such. She knew that i knew that she had to go now, so she was less discreet about squirming. It was fun to watch. It wasn’t till around 11am that she went to pee. She never ended up changing out of the clothes.

Since then we’ve drifted apart, and i never told her that i knew about her desperate leaks, but i still think about this occasion often. I wonder if she leaked into them any more while holding- i didn’t get to look. I suspect she did, it’s kinda fun to think about haha

