Desperate on the plane - part 2

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-13 15:58

Although as I said I’ve had some ‘planned accidents’ (such as some that resulted from deliberately not going to the toilet even if I needed to before going out for a walk when it's raining- I can say a bit more about this in another post off anyone is interested)) I haven’t been in a situation when I was sitting next to someone of the opposite sex in a public place while getting more and more desperate to pee, with no opportunity to go to the toilet, since I was at school. In those days, when I started to feel the urge to pee grow while I was sitting at my classroom desk, I’d sometimes let occasional small spurts trickle into my thick underpants rather than raise my hand to ask to ‘be excused’ (as we put it when we needed the loo). I learned how to control the flow so the effects were never visible to anyone else - even though I was longing simply to relax and let it all flow out and my underwear was often rather damp by the end of the day..

But now, here I was, getting more and more desperate to pee while realising with growing concern that I might not have an opportunity to use a toilet for maybe another hour. And I was sitting very close to a woman who must have guessed my ‘need’, while it was absolutely impossible for me to go anywhere where I could relieve myself. I honestly hadn’t intended to be in this situation and it would be truly embarrassing if I ended up wetting my pants next to a stranger who would probably be shocked if they noticed that I was doing so. I certainly never want to offend anyone who isn’t into this (though I’d be love to explore this kind of thing with anyone who is into it - so long as it’s mutually agreed and I hope mutually pleasurable!).

But in this case, I genuinely hadn’t meant to place myself in a position when I was absolutely bursting to pee while I was sitting in such close proximity to a stranger. I genuinely didn’t think I’d be able to hold on until we landed - and even when we did, I wasn’t sure how soon I’d be able to get to a toilet. I was longing to thrust one hand between my thighs to help ease the pressure in my bladder but I couldn’t do that without drawing attention to how desperate I was getting.

So I took the flight magazine out of the rack in front of me and placed it on my lap, hoping that it would help to conceal the fact that I was pressing down on it with both hands as I pretended to scan the pictures of duty-free perfumes and watches and the pages of adverts for hotels and apartments in the sun. I glanced at the person sitting in the window seat to my right, but they were fast asleep, completely oblivious to anything I or anyone else was doing. So I turned to the woman in the aisle seat, cleared my throat and said “I wonder how long it’ll be until we land?” She looked at me and said “It shouldn’t be too long now. I hope not anyway."

I wondered if she needed the toilet too. Of course I couldn't ask her but, despite everything, I could feel myself starting to get turned on at the thought that her need to pee might be as great as mine. But I was far too embarrassed to let her know how urgent things were getting for me so I made a non committal reply and pretended to read a few more pages of the magazine.

At that point. the plane hit the patch of turbulence the captain had warned us about. It wasn’t too bad, just a slight juddering - in fact, it gave me an excuse to open and close my thighs rapidly as if the movement of the plane was causing me to do so rather than the real reason, which was that I was doing it in an attempt to stop myself leaking pee into my pants, parting and closing my legs, squirming in my seat each time the plane shook a bit more.

Doing this seemed to ease things a little so when a few minutes later the plane emerged from the turbulence as suddenly as it had entered it, it took all my concentration to keep still. In fact, it took me a few seconds until I managed to stop moving my legs and body in the way I had been and I was really longing to keep doing so - but I daren’t risk letting the woman on my left know that things were getting so very urgent indeed for me. So I clamped my thighs together as tightly as possible, really struggling not to let anything leak out, urging myself to keep still though my legs were starting to tremble and my whole body was jiggling about however hard I tried to keep still as I wondered how much longer I’d be able to hang on or if I’d have to give in to the mounting pressure that was building ever more strongly in my poor swollen bladder.

To be continued….

