Desperate feast day

Author: green_hanger

*000*2019-03-01 18:14

** Little side note: there aren't many public toilets in my country, and most of them, including those at railway/bus stations, are paid ones. Those in stores/restaurants/pubs etc are for customers only (you can get yelled at or kicked out for peeing without buying/eating there), some even require a key from staff or code from purchase receipt (they are changed every day). Alcohol abuse is a serious problem here and vandalising doesn't allow for free-access toilets. This makes life both miserable and entertaining, depending on which side of desperation you are. 😉 **

** Another side note: I'm still learning English, so I'm sorry if it's not as pleasant to read as I intended it to be. Also, when I use a word "girls" in this story, I mean young adults, usually a college students.**

Yesterday was a national feast day called "Fat Thursday", which is the once a year occasion when we eat as much sweets (especially our traditional doughnut-like pastries with various fillings) and junk food as one's stomach can stand. It used to be the last day before 40 days long fasting (catholic country) and last moment to eat some non-fasting food, but now we just stuff ourselves to a brim and have fun. As planned I went out with a few female friends.

Our goal was to get the most delicious pastries in the whole city, that are baked only once per year, and then go to a pub. This was a day after one of my major intentional holds, so my bladder was weaker than usually and I was taking "just in case" pee every time I had a chance. I have a disability that can affect a bladder, so no one was asking or commenting on that. It was a long evening, filled with various alcoholic drinks, beers, junk food and water (I always drank a lot of water and I make sure I'm putting a bit while drinking alcohol as well to prevent any headaches)... But here's the story.

We agreed to meet at uni, because the girls just finished their lectures. I had a few days off, which I used for omorashi fun, so I was a bit unsure about my tired bladder's capacity. I peed twice before leaving home, just to be sure there won't be any surprises during more-than-hour long journey (I live quite far from my uni). There were major roadworks for a few months already, so I knew it might have taken even longer than that. I had a bottle of water with me as I can't go for whole hour without at least few sips.

Fast forward 50 minutes and I was stuck in a detour. It's a tiny street that has to endure traffic from two line street that is now being renovated. Traffic jams are common here. I texted my friends and told I'll be a bit late. They suggested meeting me half way, but I knew I needed to hit a restroom before heading out for the evening, so I asked them to wait at uni. It wasn't an emergency, but I could feel a need building up, maybe 5/10. After another 20 minutes I got rid of a decent amount of urine and we went hunting for sweets.

After getting our traditional pastries and gulping down some soft drinks to wash the sweetness away, we decided to look for a pub. We live in one of the biggest and famous cities in our country, so there was a lot of tourists in most places, but my friend knew a pub that was hidden from non-locals in a tiny alley. I asked her where a bathroom was and she pointed me behind the bar. I went there straight away, not even telling her what to order for me. It was almost two hours from my last pee break and I was feeling my weaken bladder getting uncomfortably full. I pulled the door handle, but it was stuck.

I knocked to check if there was anybody inside, but got no answer. I walked back to my friend, asking if there was a key. She said there must be someone inside and that I should simply wait, so I sighed and went back to wait. Those were a thick, metal doors, so I couldn't really hear anybody inside. Waiting in line always makes my need worse and I could feel that my weaken muscles shouldn't be trusted. I was consciously flexing them to make sure nothing awkward happens. I probably looked weirdly anxious, but wasn't pee dancing yet. Finally after very nervous 5 minutes a young man left the bathroom, so I rushed in.

It was a big single-person toilet with no windows and graffiti-like design on walls. I had another decent piss, with stream stronger and longer than last time. I waited a while and tried to pee again, just in case my nerves damage (part of disability) haven't allowed my bladder to empty completely, but there was just a little spurt left. I ordered a citrus beer (I'm one of those guys who can't stand taste of "real beer") and went back to my friends. We spent there a few hours, drinking and talking. I went to pee two more times, my friends were in toilet at least once each. When we decided to leave, I was alone with one of the girls as the rest already went home. She went for the last pee, I surprisingly decided I'm fine, even though it was a while since my last trip. It wasn't long until I've felt it wasn't the wisest decision.

We wanted to finish our evening with a special kind of street food, but were unsure about where to find this certain bar. It took us a half an hour to find it, squeezing through crowds and all. We went inside and noticed there's a small line for order station. While waiting I looked around for a bathroom. It was a square bar with only two doors - one for customers to entry and one behind counter-top for employees, leading to supply room or social room I assumed. There was obvious lack of restroom. I clenched my muscles and sighted. I was sure I could hold it for a bit longer, but wasn't sure where else I could go. It was our turn to order and my friend talked me into buying another beer, even though I was reluctant at this point.

We took seats near window and chatted casually. The wait was longer than either of us expected, we even considered asking if they took our order right. I was getting a bit desperate. We finally received our food, still chatting and laughing, but my mind was thinking about places with toilet I could access. At some point my friend said she needs to use toilet as well and that we will look for one once we finish our meal. I nodded enthusiastically. My relief had to be visible, because she chuckled a little. I finished first and waited impatiently for her. Our beer bottles were empty, our bladders were angry...

When we finally got out, I had to bend a little to make holding easier. We walked down the street, talking through our options. She suggested a few pubs nearby, but I was too shy to just pop in for a quick pee as I knew there was a good chance of us getting yelled at. I knew she would get to the toilet first, because she was leading a way, and couldn't stand thought of her getting relieved while I would be scolded and had to leave still desperate. I wanted a place with toilet out of staff's sight.

She moaned at me, but kept thinking about other options. After few minutes of searching she finally pushed me into one of familiar clubs. I was anxious, because it was one of those rare places where there's longer line for gents' than women's. At this point I was keeping my hands in pockets, pushing waistband away from full, hard bladder, making small, slow steps and visibly bending. I wouldn't dare to grab myself even if I was leaking, but I really wanted to. Luckily toilets were really close to entrance, so it wasn't a long walk.

There was a line for both toilets, but luckily it was way shorter for gents' - only one guy waited. I wanted to ask him to let me go first, but was way too shy for that. Few times in my childhood I've wet myself only because I was too shy to ask people to let me go in front of them. I stood behind him, moving my weight from foot to foot. My friend kept joking about our emergency, but despite laughing I was internally panicking. I had a numb feeling near my sphincter, which meant that I had very little control over it and could either stay dry, leak or wet myself - all with the same chance.

Finally the guy in front of me went inside and I anxiously waited, clenching with all my might. I no longer paid attention to my friend or people around me. Suddenly I felt a tiny leak escaping into my boxers. I still wasn't brave enough to hold myself, but was fully aware that every time I start to leak I have only a few minutes before half of my bladder's content flushes out involuntary. Some drunk guy tried to cut in line, but I scolded him angrily. He laughed and apologised, saying I'm definitely more desperate than him. Well, no s**t, Sherlock, I thought, when a bathroom door opened.

I rushed in, almost pushing previous man out of my way, and got inside. Now I should explain, that I'm a person that will choose stall over urinal in almost every possible scenario. I really don't like urinals, and the urinal in front of me was so close to a sink that sometimes you get sprayed with other man's piss while washing hands. So when I saw a stall was taken, I stopped mid-way. I wondered if I could last long enough to get there. I even turned back to stand nearer exit to wait, but at the same moment a longer leak happened.

I instantly got over my hate for urinals. Before I got myself out and pointed properly, another spurt came out, wetting my jeans on the outside. I aimed, relaxed and let go. I peed and peed and peed... The stream wasn't stopping. I was starting to feel awkward. Eventually I let everything out and checked how wet I was. It wasn't as bad as I thought, it could be hidden under a coat easily. Feeling relieved and a bit embarrassed I joined my friend, which was still stuck in the line.

She was moving a bit, but it was nothing compared to a girl in the front of the line. She was basically dancing waltz, bent over just like I was a few minutes ago. She was almost crying, whispering something to herself. My friend said she got there a short while ago and begged other women to let her go first. She had dark pants and it was dark, so I couldn't tell for sure, but it looked like she had leaked a lot. I was almost staring at her when a girl from back of the line came closer and asked my friend to watch over while she would use men's toilet. My friend agreed and stopped another guy, visibly impatient, from going in, even though stall and urinal were separated with lockable doors. I'm not a fan of girls using men's room when it causes men a problem (I don't mind when there's no line) and discussed it with a friend for a bit to spend some waiting time.

Then I noticed that girl in the very front was looking very jealously at gents' door, probably planning on cutting in line as well. We stood like that for a minute or so when suddenly the girl turned back and went outside. I couldn't follow her, so I'm not sure if she started to wet herself or decided to pee outside (I'm pretty sure she would be seen by several people if she had). Women behind her happily moved a few steps closer to the toilet, not caring about desperate girl. Finally my friend got a chance to pee and we left.

