Total desperation and humiliation

Author: Guest plefix

*000*2014-10-04 16:45

That day I got up about 11 am and I went to toilet. I decided to hold my pee as long as I can - until I loose control completely. I wanted it was a real so I stayed normally hydrated. About 3 pm I felt the first urge. From 7 pm it started to be very hard urge. I felt my bladder a lot and the bulge was starting visible. After 9 pm I was totally desperate. My bladder was like a rock and it hurts very much. I decided to make my task more difficult and went out from home. I wore black boots, tight jeans and black belt which I fastened by padlock like that I had no chance to take off my pants... It made me so horny... but I planned only long trip to strengthen my will to fight - no wetting outside. I left the key from padlock in home.

I left my house about 9.30 pm. It was a little cold. I decided to went to shop and I bought two half litre bottles of cola.

I went to nearest bus stop. After 10 minutes the bus had arrived. I was driving by it about 20 minutes. I was drinking a cola and fidgeting, crossing legs and discreetly holding my crotch. Fortunately in the bus was not a lot of people.

On potholes I was so close to leaking a few times. My bladder was nearly to explode. I started to worrying that I can't hold it to home. I had tears in eyes becouse I realy didn't want to pee my pants near people, somewhere in city.

When I realized my hopeless situation I got out from bus and I felt a little leak escaping my pee-hole involuntarily. I grabbed my crotch immediately and I stopped the leaking. I checked a bus towards home. I was terrified... It was 10.10 pm and the next bus was about 11 pm. I went the nearly bushes and desperately tried to take off my jeans, but the belt was too tight and padlock prevented any movement. I was so desperate and terrified that I started to cry a little. My bladder hurts so bad and the pressure was impossible. I decided to walk by foot. When I was walking I was feeling that I could start peeing any time. The spasms were horrible.

After 5 of walking I felt I realy can't hold it much longer and my muscles started to give up. All the time I was walking with a hand on a crotch and hunched, from time to time stopping to hold it the rest of force. After 10 minutes it started to be more like - "few steps, stop, duck for few seconds and moaning from pain, stand up... and from the beginning". Finally some time when I got up I felt involuntary spasm and after second I leaked a little, than again I got back control, frozen in spot and suddenly, despite the full resistance a huge jet of pee came out. I made few steps, I screamed in pain and again wave of spurts flooded my bright jeans. This time with full force. The streams were so powerfull that at once hit the ground, splashing out on sidewalk.

All the time I was shaking, fidgeting, moaning and desperately trying to stop the flow. I was so tired that even for a second I wasn't able to tighten the muscles. After I peed the all contents of bladder I was staying in the pool of pee and totally soaked. My boots were full of pee which spilled out when I unbuttoned them. I was absolutely distraught and totally horny in the same time. Quickly I started to run in towards home. I passed many people by the way... Everyone could see that I peed my pants. I thought I burned with shame but it was the best desperation and accident I have ever had.

(sorry for english) :)

