Tied to my bed as I slowly wet myself

Author: Guest Samantha omo

*000*2020-08-19 09:49

This story took me 3 days to write because I kept on needing to stop writing and relieve myself (if you know what I mean) so I really hope you enjoy it.

Hia! I did promise another story with me and my girlfriend but life happened and I genuinely haven't had the time, nor energy to sit down and write this down so here we go!

Physical description time I'm 5'2" and rather skinny, 45kg/100lbs and I have some small b cup boobs. My bladder is tiny and I'm on some medication that makes me need to pee all the fucking time.

I'm usually pretty busy these days with uni stuff and work and when I'm not working my girlfriend tends to be busy so when I woke up with her still sound asleep next to me at 11am I was very happy. I was vaguely aware of my bladders fullness but I didnt want to wake my girlfriend up so I rolled over to my side and crossed my legs slightly and drifted back off to sleep.

I woke up to my bladder sending me fierce reminders about its fullness and to my girlfriend bringing in some breakfast on a tray. As I sat up to enjoy this wonderful food, she spread my legs apart, pulled out a rope and tied my legs to opposite parts of the bed. "Eat up, dont forget your coffee" she said as I quickly realised what was going on.

I started to eat the food while she knelt between my legs and started to rub the inside of my legs, slowly making her way up to my pussy. I moaned and squealed while wriggling around as much as my bonds would let me.

It took me a very long time to finish breakfast because of her teasing but when I did, she tied my hands to the headboard and forced me to drink the rest of the coffee.

She then challenged me to hold it for 1 hour while she went to the shops to get me a present, I agreed and she put a wirelessly controlled vibrator on me, it means that wherever she is, she can tease me. She's used it in the past while I've been at work doing a paperwork day and boy what a day!

Anyway, as I heard the door shut and the lock click to our flat, it hit me what had just happened. While I wasn't at the leaky stage, I was definitely very desperate and the coffee was very quickly flowing into my bladder, I was in deep trouble.

The hour passed stupidly slowly, with my bladder sending increasingly urgent signals, begging me to just let go in my fluffy pjs and my clit begging me for attention. I tried to drift back off to sleep but my nagging bladder and the vibrator periodically sending waves of pleasure through my body prevented me from doing so.

I heard the lock of the door click open and a long spurt of pee forced its way out. I called out to my girlfriend and she said that she would be in a minute, she just needed to use the toilet. I groaned as I heard her plop on the toilet and sigh. Note, the toilet is right next to the bedroom and has crazy thin walls so I could hear everything.

She took her sweet time, slowly emptying her bladder while mine screamed for the same release. She finished, flushed, and washed her hands then walked in slowly holding the biggest cup of bubble tea I've ever seen.

The bubble tea stall had reopened and it qualified for government scheme making it really cheap as well, so my girlfriend got the biggest size they offer. I was then told that I could pee 10 minutes after I finish the whole drink.

I started guzzling it down, and tbh the lovely taste made it much easier but I was soon aware of a bulge growing, my stomach was sticking out a fair amount and I could see my bladder bulging a worrying amount and I knew that more pee was being pumped in by my tired kidneys.

As I finished the tea, my bladder forced out another spurt of pee that turned into a small trickle. I tried everything to stop it but my girlfriend started the vibrator on full blast again and I knew I wouldnt last. Pee was slowly trickling out onto the sheets, I was growing ever more frantic as both my limit and my orgasm was approaching fast.

My back arched, I writhed around as I finally came, and the pee I was trying desperately to hold back started to come out. The final straw wasy girlfriend pressing both her hands on my bladder, all of the little control I had left was gone as pee poured out of me. I moaned in relief and pleasure.

It felt so good yall.

After I had calmed down and my breathing slowed, my girlfriend removed the vibrator, slowly untied my limbs, and applied soothing cream to where the rope rubbed against my skin. She changed the sheets and the mattress protector and we cuddled for ages. While talking about the parts that we liked and the parts that we didnt really like.

