Wetting and driving (male)

Author: Guest wetguy917

*000*2017-03-10 20:25

The following is a true story:

A few years ago, two days before Christmas, my partner finally told me what he wanted. A new new stereo for his car, he printed out the exact one he wanted and said he couldn't find where to buy it anywhere.

I did some research and even called kenwood headquarters. I found that the nearest place that had it was in Boston, a little over 4 hours away. I called the store, it was too late to ship it and get it in time, since it was my day off, I told them to hold it and I would be there that afternoon.

I left about noon, in a hurry, And got on the highway. Shortly after getting on the highway, I was thinking that I didn't have lunch or grab anything to drink before leaving. I also hadn't taken a leak in a couple hours. This gave me an idea, I challenged myself to see if I could hold it till I got back, which would mean 12 hours of holding.

Now I have a pretty big bladder, and have held 1.5 liters before. I stopped at a rest area and picked up a few energy drinks and drank them on the way there. By the time I got to my destination I could definitely feel my bladder starting to fill up. I bought the radio, and left. I stopped at a gas station and bought some more drinks. While in line, I saw the bathroom and my bladder tingled a little. I was probably at a 5/10 and had a long ride home.

The first two hours heading home were pretty boring, but after that it started getting interesting. I hadn't pissed in 9 hours, and had drank 3 energy drinks and a half liter of water. I was definitely starting to get worried I wouldn't make it. My bladder was bulging, making me constantly aware of how much liquid it had stored up. I was fidgeting in my seat, I had at least 90 mins to go before I was home and could relieve my swollen bladder.

30 mins later and I was now at an 8/10, my bladder bulge was visible. I pressed on it lightly, I loved the feeling of pushing the limits. I thought for sure I was going to piss in my car, but I was only an hour away from sweet relief. I kept telling myself that I could hold it, hoping that would help.

It didn't, Just as I got off the highway and only had 10 miles to go, I felt a squirt escape. No! I was so close, but my bladder was so tired and so full. I clamped down on my dick as my bladder pulsed. I tried so hard to stop it, but it was no use. Another small squirt came out, this time it left a dark spot in my jeans, I felt wet. Then another squirt, this one was at least 2 seconds, and soaked my crotch. Then the dam broke, and I flooded my pants, I couldn't stop it, my bladder NEEDED to empty itself. The flow lasted about 30 seconds before I could regain control. I drove home wet and when I finally got home, I got out of the car, stood up and released the rest of the ocean of piss I had stored up inside me, right in the driveway.

That was the first time I've ever been able to get desperate enough to actually involuntarily pee.

